
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.111578                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                111578336316                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               639353712861                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 308004                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   395151                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1998997                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67763236                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55817.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17191903003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22056190714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1533696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2317568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2390784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1105920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2321664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2383872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4419456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2386304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3731328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1534720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4430336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2321280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1104000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1536128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2318080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2322560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             38235008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10566912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10566912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        18106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        18678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         8640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        18138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        18624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        34527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        18643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        29151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        11990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        34612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        18135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         8625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        12001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        18110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        18145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                298711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           82554                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                82554                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13745464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        39004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20770770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        44740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21426955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      9911601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        39004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20807480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        44740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21365008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     39608549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21386804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     33441330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        50476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13754641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     39706059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        39004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20804038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      9894394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13767260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20775359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        39004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20815510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               342674118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        39004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        44740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        39004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        44740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        50476                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        39004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        39004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             692894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          94703975                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               94703975                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          94703975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13745464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        39004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20770770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        44740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21426955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      9911601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        39004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20807480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        44740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21365008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     39608549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        41298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21386804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     33441330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        50476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13754641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     39706059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        39004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20804038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        40151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      9894394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13767260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        40151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20775359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        39004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20815510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              437378093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20643116                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16889358                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023695                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8657511                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8137888                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92427                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199115608                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115386408                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20643116                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10274062                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24099236                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5498178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     10912038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12181496                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024697                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    237575120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596536                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      213475884     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1124302      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1784581      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2420718      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2489730      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2107889      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1177437      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1753075      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11241504      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    237575120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077149                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.431232                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197065711                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     12979464                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24054617                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        27457                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3447866                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3398589                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141611992                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1952                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3447866                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197603810                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1760377                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      9965779                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23550105                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1247178                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141560264                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       185847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       534796                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197547525                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658513342                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658513342                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26001984                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3699850                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13262725                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7183625                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84601                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735229                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141400703                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35728                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134420618                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18374                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15419185                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36721790                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1720                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237575120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180644604     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23452684      9.87%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11870788      5.00%     90.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8911792      3.75%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7012056      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2836913      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790125      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931821      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124337      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237575120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25262     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81843     36.62%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116367     52.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113060608     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001326      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12180952      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7160870      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134420618                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.502368                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223472                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506658201                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156856161                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132397461                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134644090                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273170                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2118444                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          548                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94022                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3447866                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1457986                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121871                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141436573                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13262725                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7183625                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18740                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102686                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          548                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180941                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131761                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312702                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132557124                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11462268                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1863493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18622865                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18844330                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7160597                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.495404                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132397682                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132397461                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        75997227                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204775682                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.494807                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18387627                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2049200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234127254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183618036     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25045330     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9453637      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4507244      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3814503      1.63%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2181113      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1894160      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       859774      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2753457      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234127254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144281                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2753457                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          372809682                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286321078                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3020343                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              29998829                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.675739                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.675739                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.373728                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.373728                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596624688                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184430739                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131274073                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              267572058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18362146                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16385344                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1465257                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12288775                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11957487                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1107916                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44767                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193841383                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            104233726                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18362146                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     13065403                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23243638                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       4794005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      7982876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11730238                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1438182                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    228388383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      205144745     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3534056      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1795342      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3498077      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1131236      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3237107      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         513695      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         827780      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        8706345      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    228388383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068625                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.389554                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      192002181                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      9866648                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23197592                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        18768                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3303193                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1743898                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        17295                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    116671828                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        32692                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3303193                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      192211468                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       6371464                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2830890                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        22990260                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       681101                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    116501101                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        91318                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       520402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    152774405                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    528098901                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    528098901                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    123975323                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       28798959                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        15730                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7963                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1571734                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     20942153                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3429049                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22600                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       779836                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        115894447                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15782                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       108557264                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71270                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20832055                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42646700                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228388383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180789477     79.16%     79.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15009977      6.57%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15926725      6.97%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9207417      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4774854      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1195286      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1424180      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33076      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27391      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228388383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183172     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75129     23.49%     80.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61579     19.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85173645     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       855614      0.79%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7768      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19120459     17.61%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3399778      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    108557264                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.405712                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319880                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002947                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445894061                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136742565                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105805616                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    108877144                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        84782                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4255159                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          288                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78261                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3303193                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       5600429                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81828                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    115910303                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14516                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20942153                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3429049                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7956                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39269                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2190                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          288                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989371                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       564163                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1553534                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107174352                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18844714                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1382912                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  74                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           22244320                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16289728                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3399606                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.400544                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            105829889                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           105805616                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        64008690                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       139689461                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.395428                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.458221                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84267897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     94931908                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20983000                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15666                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1456005                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225085190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189709915     84.28%     84.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13924395      6.19%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8918310      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2809010      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4653736      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       913943      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       578664      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530516      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3046701      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225085190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     84267897                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     94931908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20037750                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            16686962                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              7816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         14560076                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        82980330                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1192761                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3046701                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          337953085                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         235135721                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4322036                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              39183675                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          84267897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            94931908                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     84267897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.175255                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.175255                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.314935                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.314935                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      498061554                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     137933731                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     123804644                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        15652                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19644619                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16108956                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1921634                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8057536                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7663314                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2015238                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86143                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187432662                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            111715208                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19644619                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9678552                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24562796                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5475840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     17558198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11550465                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911357                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    233074066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      208511270     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2662393      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3078966      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1691011      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1943632      0.83%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1070193      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         730230      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1904233      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11482138      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    233074066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073418                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.417512                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      185896555                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     19123282                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24358008                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       193809                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3502411                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3189761                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18000                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    136366102                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        89314                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3502411                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      186195794                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       6311605                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     11973410                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24260681                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       830156                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    136283245                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       212658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       383898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents            2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    189376594                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    634534504                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    634534504                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    161579707                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       27796887                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        35482                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19736                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2220637                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13015845                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7088760                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186487                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1576696                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        136056467                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35555                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       128527752                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183879                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17097814                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39604722                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3820                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233074066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178926361     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21773921      9.34%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11696711      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8105291      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7085667      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3622208      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       877836      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       564756      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       421315      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233074066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33363     12.02%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119679     43.13%     55.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124457     44.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107573202     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2010865      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15736      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11891006      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7036943      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    128527752                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.480345                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            277499                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490590948                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153191066                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126383284                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    128805251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       324540                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2309073                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          819                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1233                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       161049                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7871                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4036                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3502411                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       5836091                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143397                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136092136                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        70460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13015845                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7088760                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19709                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100064                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1233                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1112038                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1081760                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2193798                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126629609                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11165224                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1898143                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 114                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18200493                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17713445                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7035269                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.473251                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            126385175                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           126383284                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        75115788                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       196758135                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.472330                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381767                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94884930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    116412102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19681441                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31735                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1932639                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229571655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323624                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182014457     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22054418      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9243934      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5553142      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3843193      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2482286      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1289581      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1036450      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2054194      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229571655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     94884930                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    116412102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             17634483                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10706772                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             15834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16660408                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       104950340                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2368399                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2054194                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          363610367                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         275689575                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2872657                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              34499883                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          94884930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           116412102                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     94884930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.819984                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.819984                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.354612                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.354612                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      571191919                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     175398428                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     127267514                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        31704                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       23192455                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19312282                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2111101                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9116434                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8496420                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2499352                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98622                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201983766                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            127266471                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          23192455                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10995772                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            26534494                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5861271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     18355452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           71                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12540979                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2017595                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    250605066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986283                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      224070572     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1627796      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2053709      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3272795      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1371838      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1761145      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        2055075      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         937300      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       13454836      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    250605066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086677                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.475631                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      200800567                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     19652921                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        26408548                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        12380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3730643                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3527122                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    155536245                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2849                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3730643                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      201003016                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        644902                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     18445467                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        26218686                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       562346                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    154576003                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        81376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       392616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    215927843                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    718887792                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    718887792                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    180837102                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       35090728                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        38125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1981432                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     14456503                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7563988                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84321                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1708257                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        150922749                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38258                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       144867756                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       144544                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18200675                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36936036                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2088                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250605066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189215244     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28010309     11.18%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11441799      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6408137      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8696972      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2670387      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2636351      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1415427      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110440      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250605066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        999218     79.18%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133658     10.59%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129161     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122047458     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1981316      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17933      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13280681      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7540368      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    144867756                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.541412                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1262037                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008712                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541747159                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169162365                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141097775                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    146129793                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106690                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2702831                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           31                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          685                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95137                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3730643                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        491012                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62690                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150961013                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117346                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14456503                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7563988                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54886                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          685                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1256286                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1175657                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2431943                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142345078                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13061940                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2522678                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           20601862                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       20130428                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7539922                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.531984                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            141098061                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           141097775                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        84540318                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       227123869                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527323                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372221                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105207425                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    129640460                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21321234                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36170                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2129124                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246874423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192003632     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27805652     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10096112      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5033112      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4601987      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1935742      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908938      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       911022      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2578226      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246874423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    105207425                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    129640460                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             19222521                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11753670                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             18044                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18791375                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       116718403                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2677096                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2578226                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          395257163                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         305654056                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3061944                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              16968883                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         105207425                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           129640460                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    105207425                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.543299                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.543299                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393190                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393190                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      640525928                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     197174327                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     143873278                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        36140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              267572850                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       18407937                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16427408                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1468461                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12318046                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11988982                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1111426                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44609                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194379479                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            104512956                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          18407937                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     13100408                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23305950                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       4805656                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      7817774                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11761626                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1441328                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    228832104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      205526154     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        3542994      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1800623      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3506270      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1134481      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3246693      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         514475      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         830418      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        8729996      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    228832104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068796                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.390596                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      192536673                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      9705235                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23260099                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        18530                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3311566                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1746885                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        17335                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    116988697                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        32731                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3311566                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      192746474                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       6211562                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      2828582                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23052155                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       681758                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    116819064                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        90625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       521490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    153185521                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    529557477                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    529557477                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    124325816                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       28859582                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        15776                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7987                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1571739                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     21002822                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      3439003                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22662                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       782256                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        116214503                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15832                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       108860721                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71153                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20883130                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42754873                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228832104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181103846     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15047912      6.58%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15970979      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9231637      4.03%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4789128      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1200462      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1427442      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33118      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27580      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228832104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183482     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75367     23.51%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61767     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85410545     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       858064      0.79%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7790      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19174891     17.61%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3409431      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    108860721                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.406845                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320616                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002945                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446945315                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137113751                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106101804                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    109181337                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        85027                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4268793                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          293                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78770                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3311566                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       5439058                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        82034                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116230419                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14698                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21002822                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3439003                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7984                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39427                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2171                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          293                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       991679                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       565421                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1557100                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107473674                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18896952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1387047                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           22306190                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16332317                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          3409238                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.401661                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            106126371                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           106101804                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        64192770                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       140109414                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.396534                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.458162                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84505965                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     95200174                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21034824                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15710                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1459192                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225520538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    190045840     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13961057      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8944035      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2819473      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4666639      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       916436      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580125      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       532322      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3054611      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225520538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     84505965                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     95200174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             20094230                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            16733997                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              7838                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         14601181                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        83214850                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1196125                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3054611                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          338700613                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         235784287                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4332633                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              38740746                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          84505965                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            95200174                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     84505965                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.166319                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.166319                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.315824                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.315824                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      499461799                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     138318397                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     124138952                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        15696                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19630572                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16096175                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1923755                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8146499                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7667803                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2015174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86514                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187492906                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            111599761                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19630572                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9682977                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24547424                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5465294                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     17716570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11553125                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913313                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    233264097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      208716673     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2663789      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        3077190      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1692600      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1943270      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1074762      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         731339      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1900397      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11464077      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    233264097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073365                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.417080                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      185959300                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     19278712                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24343356                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       193512                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3489216                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3188187                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        17981                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    136227610                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        89388                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3489216                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      186256889                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6227471                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     12217145                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24246820                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       826547                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    136143807                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       210843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       382720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    189187707                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    633860207                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    633860207                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    161582628                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       27605075                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        35946                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2217412                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13002539                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7083237                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186630                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1573853                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        135921880                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36031                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       128477590                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       181386                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16957016                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39146134                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4294                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233264097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179128148     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21771288      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11704407      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8098801      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7076753      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3620103      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       879502      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       564214      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420881      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233264097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33710     12.22%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117746     42.67%     54.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124472     45.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107538506     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2007975      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15736      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11883594      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7031779      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    128477590                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.480157                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275928                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002148                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490676591                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152916153                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126338467                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    128753518                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       324310                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2295594                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          778                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1227                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       155431                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7869                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4484                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3489216                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       5755101                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       141642                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135958033                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        69801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13002539                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7083237                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20177                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99644                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1227                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1115406                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079527                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2194933                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126582181                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11162296                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1895409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18192557                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17711459                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7030261                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.473074                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            126340358                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           126338467                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        75085853                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       196644620                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.472163                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381835                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94886597                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    116414137                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19545307                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31737                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1934883                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229774881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182215648     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22052541      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9245026      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5557755      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3841547      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2485155      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1287598      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1036160      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2053451      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229774881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     94886597                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    116414137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17634751                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10706945                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16660725                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       104952139                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2368434                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2053451                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          363680237                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         275408176                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2874689                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              34309852                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          94886597                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           116414137                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     94886597                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.819934                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.819934                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.354618                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.354618                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      570995198                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     175336642                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     127146688                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        31708                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18035410                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16275064                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       944061                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6808917                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6458056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         991173                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41734                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191291540                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            113312800                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18035410                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      7449229                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            22420701                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       2983369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     26997294                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10973244                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       947977                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    242726562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      220305861     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         798029      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1644495      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         702059      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        3721189      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3311586      1.36%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         641945      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1339278      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10262120      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    242726562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067403                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.423482                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      189299884                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     29001976                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        22337820                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        71626                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      2015251                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1582265                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          489                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    132897720                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2771                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      2015251                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      189554132                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles      26983968                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1145456                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        22185851                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       841897                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    132821126                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         1395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       427865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       275558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        14390                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    155901785                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    625485462                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    625485462                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    138231000                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       17670773                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        15396                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1936745                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     31337722                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     15855491                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       144577                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       767238                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        132562472                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15442                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       127405589                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        84409                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10316371                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24794247                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           70                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242726562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    196963849     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13980893      5.76%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11295434      4.65%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4894520      2.02%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6104535      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5778241      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3284750      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       262297      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162043      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242726562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        320022     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2447222     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71566      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79916193     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1112821      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7626      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30564617     23.99%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15804332     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    127405589                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.476151                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2838810                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022282                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500460959                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142897582                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126303357                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    130244399                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       228441                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1230115                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          484                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3303                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       113141                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11223                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      2015251                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles      26336864                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       248741                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132578001                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1338                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31337722                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15855491                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       153711                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          119                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3303                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       552679                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       556508                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1109187                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126517122                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30455022                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       888467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           46257740                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16575223                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         15802718                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.472830                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            126306733                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           126303357                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        68220151                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       134633185                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.472032                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506711                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102599562                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    120571537                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12021104                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       964759                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240711311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500897                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    196810477     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16163203      6.71%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7526006      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7398011      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2047125      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8466102      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       644502      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       470813      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1185072      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240711311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    102599562                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    120571537                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             45849950                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            30107600                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              7674                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15922577                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       107216846                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1167984                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1185072                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          372118568                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         267200710                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4104759                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              24847387                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         102599562                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           120571537                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    102599562                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.607944                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.607944                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.383444                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.383444                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      625399467                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     146664960                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     158194943                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        15348                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19651183                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16112860                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1923322                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8072073                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7666748                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2016645                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85977                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187597222                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            111760607                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19651183                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9683393                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24572471                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5476624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     17694519                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11560426                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913630                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    233383210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      208810739     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2665525      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        3076797      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1691623      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1944872      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1070806      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         732805      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1905071      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11484972      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    233383210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073442                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.417681                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      186052214                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     19267979                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24368299                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       193712                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3501005                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3192154                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        17993                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    136421615                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        89606                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3501005                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      186351183                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       6057157                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     12372193                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24270699                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       830964                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    136339182                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       211618                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       385323                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    189454097                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    634793010                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    634793010                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    161698596                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       27755501                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        35585                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19823                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2226206                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13017831                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7093455                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186995                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1573997                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        136113246                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35666                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       128604613                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183482                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17065999                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39511198                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3910                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233383210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179202815     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21786853      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11706789      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8107490      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7088266      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3625420      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       879155      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       564758      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       421664      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233383210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33045     11.97%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118407     42.89%     54.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124640     45.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107637620     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2011306      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15747      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11898737      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7041203      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    128604613                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.480632                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276092                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    491052010                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153216135                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126459435                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    128880705                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       324237                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2303182                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          777                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1227                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       160655                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7875                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4480                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3501005                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       5608894                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       140806                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136149033                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        71853                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13017831                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7093455                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19805                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98548                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1227                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1112539                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1081766                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2194305                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126706120                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11172090                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1898493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 121                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18211521                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       17724117                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7039431                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.473537                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            126461198                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           126459435                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        75155630                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       196863386                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.472615                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381765                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94954697                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    116497783                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19652462                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31756                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1934396                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229882205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182291616     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22067274      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9250760      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5560631      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3843884      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2485869      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1289207      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1036739      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2056225      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229882205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     94954697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    116497783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             17647449                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10714649                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             15844                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         16672717                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       105027550                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2370150                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2056225                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          363975588                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         275801561                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2875634                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              34190739                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          94954697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           116497783                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     94954697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.817912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.817912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.354873                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.354873                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      571541443                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     175506101                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     127321659                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        31726                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18865165                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15429180                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1842209                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7785332                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7438269                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1939449                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81887                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183053774                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            107077528                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18865165                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9377718                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            22435662                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5367458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      8280469                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11257949                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1854259                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    217254443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      194818781     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1219958      0.56%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1921613      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3058956      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1265602      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1410978      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1510675      0.70%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         984204      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11063676      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    217254443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070504                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.400179                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      181310317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     10037655                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        22365869                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        56532                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3484066                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3092091                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          451                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    130738568                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2889                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3484066                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      181591510                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2026922                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      7179951                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        22146268                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       825722                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    130653603                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        32670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       223519                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       304597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        60974                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    181382095                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    607802690                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    607802690                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    154739217                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       26642858                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        33634                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18672                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2427241                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12446910                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6694269                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       202111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1525436                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        130468259                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33735                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       123462761                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155821                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16542296                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36949359                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3555                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217254443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    165171158     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20922238      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11427667      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7791273      3.59%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7282454      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2090601      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1634989      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       553889      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       380174      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217254443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28640     12.59%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87372     38.42%     51.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111389     48.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103422827     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1953718      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14961      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11411996      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6659259      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    123462761                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.461415                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227401                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001842                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464563186                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    147045629                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121480399                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    123690162                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       373630                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2234036                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          377                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1370                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       201942                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7683                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3484066                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1265455                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       111054                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130502130                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54874                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12446910                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6694269                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18661                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        81851                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1370                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1076596                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1052594                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2129190                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121706484                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10731875                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1756276                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           17389482                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17128034                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6657607                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.454852                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            121481223                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           121480399                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        71026790                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       185557497                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.454007                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382775                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90893087                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    111411638                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19090928                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30180                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1881585                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213770377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168546982     78.84%     78.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21901664     10.25%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8525751      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4592411      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3438599      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1920459      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1185940      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1059660      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2598911      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213770377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     90893087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    111411638                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             16705198                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10212871                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15056                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15992600                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       100390238                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2263275                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2598911                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          341673421                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         264489424                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2966333                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              50319506                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          90893087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           111411638                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     90893087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.943832                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.943832                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.339693                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.339693                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      548830683                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     168384910                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     121956619                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        30154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20666552                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16909312                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2017178                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8454916                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8123895                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135748                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92029                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199009332                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            115618942                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20666552                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10259643                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24122437                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5512192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     10890610                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12173836                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2018611                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    237491627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      213369190     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1119910      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1782414      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2420053      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2488058      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        2105420      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1176778      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1753042      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11276762      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    237491627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077237                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.432101                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      196958720                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     12959300                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24077653                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        27558                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3468391                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3402384                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    141859865                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1951                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3468391                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      197494977                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1810571                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      9895831                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23574971                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles      1246881                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    141811570                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       185648                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       534716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    197896114                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    659727712                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    659727712                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    171585759                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       26310349                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        35183                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18313                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         3699336                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13263682                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7194691                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84665                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1736933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        141651536                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35308                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       134529183                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18530                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15642533                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37454477                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1292                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237491627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180552401     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23431954      9.87%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11853518      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8939480      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7027982      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2839796      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789936      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931251      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125309      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237491627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25197     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81820     36.60%     47.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116525     52.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113145297     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2010124      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16866      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12184675      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7172221      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    134529183                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.502774                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223542                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506792065                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157329925                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132514327                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    134752725                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       277177                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2116780                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           80                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          551                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103407                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3468391                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1506226                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122374                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141686986                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7598                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13263682                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7194691                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18317                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103271                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          551                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173401                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1134366                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2307767                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132673993                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11465966                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1855190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18637911                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18852303                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7171945                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.495840                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            132514546                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           132514327                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        76063015                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       204961246                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.495244                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100023459                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    123077819                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18609172                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34016                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2042687                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234023236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183512883     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25041773     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9453713      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4510985      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3810017      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2179434      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1898272      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       860477      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2755682      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234023236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    100023459                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    123077819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18238186                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11146902                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16970                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17748064                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110891586                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2534430                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2755682                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          372953856                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         286842437                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3014303                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              30082322                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         100023459                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           123077819                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    100023459                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.675112                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.675112                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.373816                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.373816                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      597131135                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     184588976                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     131521063                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        33986                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18085427                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16320939                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       947086                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6741980                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6461370                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         997185                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191798207                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            113645000                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18085427                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      7458555                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            22475492                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       2992023                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     26738813                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11003104                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       950998                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    243036543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      220561051     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         800009      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1637161      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         699249      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        3731223      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3332502      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         641661      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1350186      0.56%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10283501      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    243036543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067590                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.424724                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      189861624                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     28690436                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        22391853                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        71845                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2020780                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1586081                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          486                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    133263873                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2789                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2020780                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      190114180                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles      26675094                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1157087                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        22240310                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       829085                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    133191362                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       421525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       275285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5593                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    156386725                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    627266180                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    627266180                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    138588924                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       17797711                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        15444                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7795                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1931265                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     31416383                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     15882368                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       145277                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       774499                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        132927558                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15489                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       127704710                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73142                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10367985                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25001376                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           77                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243036543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316208                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197187809     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13993781      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11323648      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4893695      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6115400      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5799093      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3298660      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       262133      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162324      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243036543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        321411     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2458243     86.21%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71663      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80119821     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1115376      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7646      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30617257     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15844610     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    127704710                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.477269                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2851317                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022327                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501370422                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143314337                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126612849                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    130556027                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       228559                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1231311                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          486                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3313                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99468                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11257                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          109                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2020780                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles      26040427                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       245821                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132943125                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1810                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31416383                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15882368                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7795                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       152802                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           95                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3313                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       549459                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       561846                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1111305                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126813452                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30518441                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       891258                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           46361533                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16618180                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         15843092                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.473938                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            126616227                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           126612849                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        68409385                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       135074746                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.473188                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506456                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102864722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    120883330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12074561                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15412                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       967778                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241015763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501558                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    197014064     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16193037      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7541416      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7416518      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2050409      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8492708      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       647957      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       472243      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1187411      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241015763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    102864722                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    120883330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             45967963                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            30185063                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7694                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15963776                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       107494154                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1171040                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1187411                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          372785931                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         267936790                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4120096                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              24537406                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         102864722                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           120883330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    102864722                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.601222                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.601222                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.384435                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.384435                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      626893629                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     147041749                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     158641062                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        15388                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18376444                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16399713                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1464962                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12293307                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11967012                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1108842                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44626                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193999505                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            104330618                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18376444                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13075854                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23264039                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4795439                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      7930907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11738468                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1437973                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    228516649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      205252610     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3538298      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1796203      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3501120      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1130354      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3239614      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         513215      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         829582      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        8715653      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    228516649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068678                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.389913                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      192159150                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      9815827                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23217877                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        18906                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3304888                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1743966                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        17310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    116779986                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        32736                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3304888                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      192368688                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6340900                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2809572                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23010401                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       682193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    116609463                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        91726                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       521026                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    152912266                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    528598382                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    528598382                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    124100229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       28812037                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        15753                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1575138                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     20966780                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3432022                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22518                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       780662                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        116006631                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15808                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       108663564                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71013                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20848646                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42683580                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          127                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228516649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180876963     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15014902      6.57%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15944578      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9216356      4.03%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4780906      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1198715      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1423747      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33099      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27383      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228516649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183060     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75154     23.50%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61647     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85254501     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856320      0.79%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7776      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19141866     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3403101      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    108663564                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.406107                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319861                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002944                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446234651                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136871374                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105911029                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    108983425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86893                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4261598                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          294                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78161                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3304888                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5566944                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81848                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116022521                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20966780                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3432022                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7975                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39284                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2175                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          294                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       987886                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       564890                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1552776                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107280379                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18865343                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1383185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           22268265                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16304757                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3402922                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.400937                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            105935041                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           105911029                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        64078895                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       139835652                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.395820                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458244                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84354838                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     95028521                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20998647                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15681                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1455704                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225211761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421952                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189804371     84.28%     84.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13932313      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8927940      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2815655      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4657231      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       913412      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       579589      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530155      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3051095      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225211761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     84354838                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     95028521                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20059043                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            16705182                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7824                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         14574981                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        83064429                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1193857                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3051095                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          338187522                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         235361824                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4325079                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              39057300                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          84354838                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            95028521                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     84354838                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.172005                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.172005                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.315258                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.315258                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      498564871                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     138069007                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     123923687                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        15666                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       23166533                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19292598                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2111565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9129040                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8493123                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2496873                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98577                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201826867                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            127110927                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          23166533                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10989996                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            26504691                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5859930                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     18511177                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12532920                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2018561                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    250575021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      224070330     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1624833      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2058784      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3270666      1.31%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1364990      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1757902      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        2053364      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         935419      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13438733      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    250575021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086580                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.475050                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      200647402                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     19807031                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        26379298                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        12378                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3728905                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3521354                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          444                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    155344998                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2454                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3728905                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      200849505                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        644883                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     18599789                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        26189766                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       562167                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    154389628                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        81700                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       391782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    215691474                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    718025411                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    718025411                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    180642901                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       35048568                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        38079                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20163                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1977652                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     14436946                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7554205                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84923                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1704791                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        150758039                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38213                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       144711183                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142949                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18187297                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36872055                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2079                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250575021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189246544     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27986710     11.17%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11429926      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6401107      2.55%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8684553      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2668820      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2632947      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414006      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110408      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250575021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        998085     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133002     10.55%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129038     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121920356     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1978878      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17915      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13263520      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7530514      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    144711183                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.540827                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1260125                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008708                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541400461                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168984236                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140945021                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    145971308                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107044                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2695901                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          689                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93346                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3728905                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        491319                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62467                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150796258                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116309                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14436946                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7554205                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54637                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          689                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1258302                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1175379                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2433681                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142188781                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13045769                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2522402                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20575849                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       20109107                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7530080                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.531400                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            140945320                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           140945021                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        84451043                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       226869267                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.526752                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372245                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105094526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    129501302                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21295592                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2129645                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246846116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524624                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192032903     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27777630     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10086297      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5026070      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4596642      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1933491      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908105      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909609      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2575369      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246846116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    105094526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    129501302                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             19201901                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11741042                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             18026                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18771218                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       116593124                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2674232                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2575369                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          395066913                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         305322714                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3061788                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              16998928                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         105094526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           129501302                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    105094526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.546031                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.546031                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.392768                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.392768                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      639823575                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     196976190                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     143698252                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        36104                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20678985                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16919588                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2028573                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8691847                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8155516                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2140188                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92659                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199465864                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            115587389                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20678985                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10295704                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24145723                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5511567                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     10660762                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12204233                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2029627                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    237729059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      213583336     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1129176      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1789930      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2426026      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2493681      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2108447      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1181785      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1754781      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11261897      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    237729059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077283                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.431983                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      197415105                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     12728977                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24101156                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        27479                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3456337                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3403879                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    141863367                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1960                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3456337                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      197954455                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1793107                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      9683612                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23595630                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1245913                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    141811036                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       185190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       534567                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    197893490                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    659690861                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    659690861                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    171816348                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       26077142                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        35631                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18738                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3694662                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13289572                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7195832                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84305                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1685839                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        141644917                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35756                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       134637715                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18446                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15471607                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36871273                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1696                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237729059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180748192     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23439402      9.86%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11873971      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8944157      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7031633      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2842419      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790639      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       933729      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124917      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237729059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25305     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81949     36.62%     47.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116546     52.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113241905     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2004250      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16888      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12202413      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7172259      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    134637715                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503179                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223800                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507246735                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157152826                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132609217                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    134861515                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272713                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2127741                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          549                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95077                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3456337                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1490664                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122123                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141680815                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        30992                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13289572                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7195832                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18742                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102894                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          549                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1184299                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1133780                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2318079                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132769417                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11480314                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1868298                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18652304                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18873321                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7171990                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.496197                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            132609412                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           132609217                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        76117833                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       205101432                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.495598                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100157736                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    123243029                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18437796                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34060                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2054117                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234272722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183719534     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25048661     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9474563      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4512225      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3800690      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2182499      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1911083      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       860922      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2762545      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234272722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    100157736                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    123243029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18262586                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11161831                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16992                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17771882                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       111040426                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2537826                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2762545                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          373190313                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         286818045                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3026377                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              29844890                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         100157736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           123243029                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    100157736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.671526                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.671526                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.374318                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.374318                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      597578258                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     184730285                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     131499862                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        34030                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18368137                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16392860                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1465616                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12299276                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11965241                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1108491                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44668                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193978485                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            104294684                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18368137                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     13073732                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            23258507                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       4795622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      7888553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11737841                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1438681                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    228447291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      205188784     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3537620      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1796226      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3500452      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1132241      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3239286      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         513197      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         828144      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        8711341      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    228447291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068647                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.389779                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      192138805                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      9772696                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        23212678                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        18652                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3304459                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1742297                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        17288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    116739490                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        32690                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3304459                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      192348267                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6269385                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2839411                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23005068                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       680694                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    116569632                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        90705                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       520554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    152859028                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    528420958                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    528420958                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    124059058                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       28799833                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        15734                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7962                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1568847                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     20960649                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3430794                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22601                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       780887                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        115965197                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15790                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       108626862                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70449                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20836689                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42658858                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228447291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180819190     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15015317      6.57%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15939289      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9213011      4.03%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4779384      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1198284      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1422192      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33166      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27458      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228447291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182784     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75090     23.51%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61587     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85224920     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856054      0.79%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7773      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19136595     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3401520      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    108626862                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.405969                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319461                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002941                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446090921                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136817948                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105874131                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    108946323                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        85632                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4260450                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          278                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78140                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3304459                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       5499644                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81883                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    115981070                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15220                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20960649                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3430794                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7960                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39279                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2189                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          278                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989405                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       563989                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1553394                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107243219                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18860031                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1383639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           22261373                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16297941                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3401342                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.400798                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            105898405                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           105874131                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        64056561                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       139782869                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.395682                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458258                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84327658                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     94997370                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20988298                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15676                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1456375                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225142832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189745243     84.28%     84.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13928947      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8925773      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2813419      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4656701      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       914383      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       579298      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530431      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3048637      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225142832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     84327658                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     94997370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             20052842                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            16700192                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              7822                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         14570246                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        83037046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1193414                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3048637                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          338079551                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         235278524                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4324993                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              39126658                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          84327658                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            94997370                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     84327658                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.173027                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.173027                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.315156                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.315156                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      498398423                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     138020537                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     123881667                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        15660                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18411736                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16429727                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1468000                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12314262                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11990280                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1111406                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44809                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194387976                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            104527648                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18411736                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     13101686                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23307945                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       4804624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      7785023                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11761991                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1441048                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    228809290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      205501345     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3544350      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1799393      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3507602      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1133536      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3246369      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         514119      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         831603      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        8730973      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    228809290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068810                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.390650                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      192547218                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      9670425                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23261853                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        18776                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3311017                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1748212                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        17329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    117000040                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        32740                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3311017                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      192756311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       6223537                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2782139                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23054585                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       681694                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    116830095                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        91497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       520763                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    153199903                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    529594360                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    529594360                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    124342484                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       28857406                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        15766                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7978                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1573476                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     21005308                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      3439465                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22791                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       782540                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        116227340                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15820                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       108870862                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71318                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20881497                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42760764                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228809290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181076987     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15044611      6.58%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15975630      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9235922      4.04%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4789238      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1199165      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1427233      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32982      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27522      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228809290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183215     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75339     23.52%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61748     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85416188     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       858144      0.79%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7790      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19178743     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3409997      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    108870862                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.406881                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320302                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002942                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446942634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137124938                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106114817                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    109191164                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86657                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4267086                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          287                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        79216                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3311017                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       5449502                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81841                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116243239                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14485                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21005308                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3439465                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7974                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39264                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2195                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          287                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       990464                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       565222                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1555686                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107486951                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18902062                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1383911                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           22311866                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       16337279                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          3409804                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.401709                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            106139414                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           106114817                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        64198294                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       140090815                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.396581                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.458262                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84520095                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     95214304                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21033578                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15708                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1458729                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225498273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    190020670     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13960155      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8946708      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2819944      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4666379      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915656      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580729      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531525      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3056507      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225498273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     84520095                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     95214304                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             20098469                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            16738220                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              7838                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         14603518                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        83226661                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1196134                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3056507                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          338689336                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         235809381                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4333728                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              38764659                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          84520095                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            95214304                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     84520095                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.165803                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.165803                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.315876                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.315876                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      499522336                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     138333681                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     124158990                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        15692                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        12026                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.439097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         193492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        14074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        13.748188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.917637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     5.046592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1518.464127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         497.010741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.002464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.741438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.242681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 28739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  28895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 28895                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               12023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                12023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               12023                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64365872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9963630164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10027996036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64365872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9963630164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    10027996036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64365872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9963630164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   10027996036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             40762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              40918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             40918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609146.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 831480.444296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834067.706562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609146.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 831480.444296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 834067.706562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609146.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 831480.444296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 834067.706562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           12022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60852439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8911294235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8972146674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60852439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8911294235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8972146674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60852439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8911294235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8972146674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1521310.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 743723.438074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746310.653302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1521310.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 743723.438074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746310.653302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1521310.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 743723.438074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746310.653302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        18141                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.837868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         158809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        20189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         7.866115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.637713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.465874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1659.919019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         356.815262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.810507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.174226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 34351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6180                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                6180                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  34420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34419                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 34420                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               18140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                18140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18106                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               18140                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58645289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14559561573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14618206862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58645289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14559561573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    14618206862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58645289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14559561573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   14618206862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        52456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             52491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6180                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            6180                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        52525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              52560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        52525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             52560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1724861.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 804129.104882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805854.843550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1724861.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 804129.104882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805854.843550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1724861.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 804129.104882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805854.843550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               2415                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    2415                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           18140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          18140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55659362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12969249699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13024909061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55659362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12969249699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13024909061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55659362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12969249699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13024909061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1637040.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 716295.686458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718021.447685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1637040.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 716295.686458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718021.447685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1637040.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 716295.686458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718021.447685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        18728                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.530258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         229362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        20776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        11.039757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.172859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.972138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1654.322759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         358.062502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.807775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.174835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 34613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18940                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               18940                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  34760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34759                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 34760                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               18710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                18717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18678                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               18717                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74952338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15809500394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15884452732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5408862                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5408862                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74952338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15814909256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    15889861594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74952338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15814909256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   15889861594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        53283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             53323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18940                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           18940                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        53437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              53477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        53437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             53477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.045455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.045455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.350001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.350001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1921854.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 846740.956242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848981.973918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 772694.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 772694.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1921854.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 846713.205697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 848953.443073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1921854.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 846713.205697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 848953.443073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks              10122                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                   10122                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           18717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          18717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71528138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14169916110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14241444248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4794262                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4794262                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71528138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14174710372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14246238510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71528138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14174710372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14246238510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.045455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1834054.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 758926.469391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761167.517263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 684894.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 684894.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1834054.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 758898.724275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761138.991826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1834054.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 758898.724275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761138.991826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         8680                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.215968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         216258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        10728                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        20.158277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.112515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     6.039851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1394.909277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         608.154325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.681108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.296950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 28187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8806                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                8806                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  28401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28399                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 28401                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                8680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 8680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8640                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                8680                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94054872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7046215000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7140269872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94054872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7046215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     7140269872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94054872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7046215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    7140269872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             36867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8806                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            8806                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        37039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              37081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        37039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             37081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.234623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.233268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.233268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2351371.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 815534.143519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822611.736406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2351371.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 815534.143519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822611.736406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2351371.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 815534.143519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822611.736406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            8680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           8680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90542122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6287445582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6377987704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90542122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6287445582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6377987704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90542122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6287445582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6377987704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.234623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.233268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.233268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2263553.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 727713.609028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734791.210138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2263553.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 727713.609028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734791.210138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2263553.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 727713.609028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734791.210138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        18173                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.839750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         158896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        20221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         7.857969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.571870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.592801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1659.340445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         356.334634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.810225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.173992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 34339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6279                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                6279                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  34407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34406                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 34407                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               18173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                18173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18139                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               18173                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     49400196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14259669956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14309070152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     49400196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14259669956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    14309070152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     49400196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14259669956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   14309070152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        52477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             52512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6279                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            6279                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        52545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              52580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        52545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             52580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1452946.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 786133.191245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 787380.738018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1452946.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 786133.191245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 787380.738018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1452946.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 786133.191245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 787380.738018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               2415                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    2415                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           18173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          18173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     46413357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12667009011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12713422368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     46413357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12667009011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12713422368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     46413357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12667009011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12713422368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1365098.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 698330.062903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699577.525340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1365098.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 698330.062903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699577.525340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1365098.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 698330.062903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699577.525340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        18675                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.534060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         229342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        20723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        11.067027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.969653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.984726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1654.290244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         358.289438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.807759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.174946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 34634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18898                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               18898                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  34782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34781                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 34782                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               18658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                18663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18624                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               18663                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80314049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15806320168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15886634217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4435464                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4435464                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80314049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15810755632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    15891069681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80314049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15810755632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   15891069681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             53292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18898                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           18898                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              53445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             53445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.032680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.032680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2059334.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 848934.967936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851465.013238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 887092.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 887092.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2059334.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 848945.212199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851474.558270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2059334.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 848945.212199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851474.558270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks              10098                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                   10098                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           18663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          18663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76889849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14171302234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14248192083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3996464                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3996464                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76889849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14175298698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14252188547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76889849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14175298698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14252188547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.032680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1971534.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 761120.480907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763650.556491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 799292.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799292.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1971534.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 761130.729059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763660.105396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1971534.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 761130.729059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763660.105396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        34567                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.938320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         202839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        36615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.539779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.619506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     1.815616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1821.470726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         221.032472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.889390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.107926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 40458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12852                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               12852                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  40486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40485                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 40486                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               34522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                34567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34527                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               34567                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78069040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  33000247125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   33078316165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     70610808                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     70610808                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78069040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  33070857933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    33148926973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78069040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  33070857933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   33148926973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        74939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             74980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12852                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           12852                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        75012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              75053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        75012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             75053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.616438                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.616438                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1951726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 957028.221246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 958180.759081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1569129.066667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1569129.066667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1951726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 957825.989313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 958976.103596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1951726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 957825.989313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 958976.103596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5425                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5425                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           34567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          34567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     74556514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29971952620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30046509134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     66659753                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66659753                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     74556514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  30038612373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30113168887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     74556514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  30038612373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30113168887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.616438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1863912.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 869205.748506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870358.297144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1481327.844444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1481327.844444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1863912.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 870003.544270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871153.669309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1863912.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 870003.544270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871153.669309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        18694                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.523089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         229401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        20742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        11.059734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.134454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.630162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1653.407779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         359.350694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.807328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.175464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 34663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18933                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               18933                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  34812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34811                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 34812                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               18672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                18679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18643                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               18679                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80354992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15741275870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15821630862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7675531                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7675531                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80354992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15748951401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    15829306393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80354992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15748951401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   15829306393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        53298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             53335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           18933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        53454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              53491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        53454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             53491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.044872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.044872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2232083.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 844670.308543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847345.268959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1096504.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1096504.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2232083.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 844764.866223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847438.641951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2232083.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 844764.866223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847438.641951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks              10120                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                   10120                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           18679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          18679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     77192339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14104887133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14182079472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7060931                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7060931                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     77192339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14111948064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14189140403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     77192339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14111948064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14189140403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2144231.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756862.370305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759537.246787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1008704.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1008704.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2144231.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756956.930966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759630.622785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2144231.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756956.930966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759630.622785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        29201                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.602486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         164052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        31249                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.249832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.111286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.703886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1651.748953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         380.038361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.806518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.185566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 36876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                7647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  36970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36969                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 36970                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               29160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                29191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29151                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               29191                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63743967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  26906623041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26970367008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     27289517                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     27289517                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63743967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  26933912558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    26997656525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63743967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  26933912558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   26997656525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        65995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             66036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            7647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        66120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              66161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        66120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             66161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.441246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.440880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.440880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1593599.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 923991.175859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924909.705350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       880307                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       880307                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1593599.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 923944.720867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 924862.338563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1593599.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 923944.720867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 924862.338563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               4370                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    4370                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           29191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          29191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60231705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  24349446978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24409678683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24567717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24567717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60231705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  24374014695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24434246400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60231705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  24374014695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24434246400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.441246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.440880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.440880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1505792.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836176.063805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837094.605041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       792507                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       792507                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1505792.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836129.624884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837047.254291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1505792.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836129.624884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837047.254291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        12038                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.446486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         193488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        14086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        13.736192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.921605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     5.334591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1519.713344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         495.476946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.002605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.742048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.241932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        28735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 28737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                9229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        28890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  28892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        28890                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 28892                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               12035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                12035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11991                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               12035                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112723411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10026419816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10139143227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112723411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10026419816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    10139143227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112723411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10026419816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   10139143227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        40726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             40772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            9229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        40881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              40927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        40881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             40927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2561895.704545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 836162.106246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 842471.394017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2561895.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 836162.106246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 842471.394017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2561895.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 836162.106246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 842471.394017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               5260                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    5260                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           12034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          12034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108845202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8972681677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9081526879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108845202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8972681677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9081526879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108845202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8972681677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9081526879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2473754.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 748347.095663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754655.715390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2473754.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 748347.095663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754655.715390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2473754.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 748347.095663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754655.715390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        34652                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.939090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         203044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        36700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         5.532534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.553059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     1.814714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1819.287327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         223.283990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.888324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.109025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 40582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12932                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               12932                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  40610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40609                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 40610                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               34610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                34654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34614                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               34654                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80960912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32561301626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32642262538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     74322821                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     74322821                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80960912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32635624447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    32716585359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80960912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32635624447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   32716585359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        75151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             75192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12932                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           12932                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        75223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              75264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        75223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             75264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.611111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.611111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2024022.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 941894.753428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943145.407050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1689155.022727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1689155.022727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2024022.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942844.642255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944092.611502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2024022.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942844.642255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944092.611502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5444                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5444                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           34654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          34654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77448912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  29525940327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29603389239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     70459621                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70459621                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77448912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  29596399948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29673848860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77448912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  29596399948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29673848860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.611111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1936222.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 854091.418195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855342.075672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1601355.022727                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1601355.022727                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1936222.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 855041.311261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856289.284354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1936222.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 855041.311261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856289.284354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        18170                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.844794                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         158905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        20218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         7.859581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.632824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.606879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1661.292485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         355.312606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.811178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.173492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 34440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                6187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  34508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34507                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 34508                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               18169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                18169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18135                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               18169                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     45442961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14475973693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14521416654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     45442961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14475973693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    14521416654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     45442961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14475973693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   14521416654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        52574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             52609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            6187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        52642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              52677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        52642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             52677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1336557.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798234.005680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 799241.381144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1336557.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798234.005680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 799241.381144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1336557.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798234.005680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 799241.381144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               2419                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    2419                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           18169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          18169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     42455062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12883264304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12925719366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     42455062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12883264304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12925719366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     42455062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12883264304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12925719366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1248678.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 710408.839482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711416.113490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1248678.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 710408.839482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711416.113490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1248678.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 710408.839482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711416.113490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         8660                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.226439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         216195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        10708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        20.190045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.120240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     5.562115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1394.838978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         608.705106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.681074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.297219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 28145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8785                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                8785                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  28358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28356                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 28358                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                8660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 8660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8625                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                8660                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85263082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7130819167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7216082249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85263082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7130819167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     7216082249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85263082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7130819167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    7216082249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             36805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8785                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            8785                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              37018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             37018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.234579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2436088.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 826761.642551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 833265.848614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2436088.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 826761.642551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 833265.848614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2436088.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 826761.642551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 833265.848614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4551                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4551                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            8660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           8660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82190082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6373276707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6455466789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82190082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6373276707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6455466789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82190082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6373276707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6455466789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.234579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2348288.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 738930.632696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745434.964088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2348288.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 738930.632696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745434.964088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2348288.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 738930.632696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745434.964088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        12045                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.458525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         193558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        14093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        13.734336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.932754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     4.996433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1518.922715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         496.606622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.741661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.242484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 28787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9249                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                9249                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  28939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28937                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 28939                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               12042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                12042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12002                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               12042                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     62668620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9758388187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9821056807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     62668620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9758388187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     9821056807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     62668620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9758388187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    9821056807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        40787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             40829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9249                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            9249                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        40939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              40981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        40939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             40981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1566715.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 813063.504999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815566.916376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1566715.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 813063.504999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815566.916376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1566715.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 813063.504999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815566.916376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5264                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5264                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           12041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          12041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59156163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8703448800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8762604963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59156163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8703448800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8762604963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59156163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8703448800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8762604963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1478904.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 725226.964420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727730.667137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1478904.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 725226.964420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727730.667137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1478904.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 725226.964420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727730.667137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        18146                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.838695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         158850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        20194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         7.866198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.638169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.642609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1658.954812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         357.603105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.810037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.174611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 34393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6179                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                6179                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  34461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34460                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 34461                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               18145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                18145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18110                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               18145                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61098987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14484880526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14545979513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61098987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14484880526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    14545979513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61098987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14484880526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   14545979513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        52502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             52538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6179                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            6179                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        52570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              52606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        52570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             52606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1745685.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 799827.748537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 801652.218958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1745685.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 799827.748537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 801652.218958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1745685.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 799827.748537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 801652.218958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               2418                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    2418                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           18145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          18145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58025987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12894382785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12952408772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58025987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12894382785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12952408772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58025987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12894382785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12952408772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1657885.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 712003.466869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713827.984128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1657885.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 712003.466869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713827.984128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1657885.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 712003.466869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713827.984128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        18180                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.841010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         158975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        20228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         7.859156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.570549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.617309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1660.141747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         355.511406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.810616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.173590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 34422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6275                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                6275                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  34490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34489                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 34490                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               18179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                18179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18145                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               18179                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     49242304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14271470663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14320712967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     49242304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14271470663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    14320712967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     49242304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14271470663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   14320712967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        52566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             52601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6275                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            6275                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        52634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              52669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        52634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             52669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1448303.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 786523.596748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 787761.316189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1448303.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 786523.596748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 787761.316189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1448303.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 786523.596748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 787761.316189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               2420                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    2420                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           18179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          18179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46255896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12678122841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12724378737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46255896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12678122841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12724378737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46255896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12678122841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12724378737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1360467.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 698711.647341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699949.322680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1360467.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 698711.647341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699949.322680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1360467.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 698711.647341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699949.322680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              515.844996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012189538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1957813.419729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.844996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.065457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12181442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12181442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12181442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80302454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80302454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80302454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80302454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80302454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80302454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12181496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12181496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12181496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1487082.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1487082.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1487082.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1487082.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1487082.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1487082.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64873504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64873504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64873504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64873504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64873504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64873504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1544607.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1544607.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1544607.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1544607.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1544607.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1544607.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40876                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166566799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4049.567223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.161744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.838256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8380777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8380777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15436815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15436815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131764                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131764                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44519179215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44519179215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     77659097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77659097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44596838312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44596838312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44596838312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44596838312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8511617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8511617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15568579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15568579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340256.643343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340256.643343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84046.641775                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84046.641775                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 338459.961082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338459.961082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 338459.961082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338459.961082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90888                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90888                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11936713423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11936713423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10053524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10053524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11946766947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11946766947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11946766947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11946766947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 293141.292313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293141.292313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64445.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64445.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 292268.493664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292268.493664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 292268.493664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292268.493664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              559.207606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              931875220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1658140.960854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    34.043248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.164358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.054556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11730188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11730188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11730188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11730188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11730188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11730188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72704824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72704824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72704824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72704824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72704824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72704824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11730238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11730238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11730238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11730238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11730238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11730238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1454096.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1454096.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1454096.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1454096.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1454096.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1454096.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59011448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59011448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59011448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1686041.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1686041.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1686041.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1686041.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1686041.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1686041.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                52524                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              223906976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                52780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4242.269344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   202.996437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    53.003563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.792955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.207045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17198780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17198780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3334663                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3334663                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7826                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7826                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     20533443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       20533443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     20533443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      20533443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       185258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       185562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       185562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       185562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       185562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  83621001713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83621001713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     26358918                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26358918                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  83647360631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83647360631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  83647360631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83647360631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17384038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17384038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3334967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3334967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7826                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7826                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     20719005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20719005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     20719005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20719005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 451375.928235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451375.928235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86706.967105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86706.967105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 450778.503309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450778.503309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 450778.503309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450778.503309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       132802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       133037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       133037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        52456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        52525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        52525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16961345460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16961345460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4505468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4505468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16965850928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16965850928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16965850928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16965850928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 323344.240125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323344.240125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 65296.637681                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65296.637681                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 323005.253270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323005.253270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 323005.253270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323005.253270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              520.385562                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1012874560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1940372.720307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    38.385562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.061515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11550409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11550409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11550409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11550409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11550409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11550409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    117722263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117722263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    117722263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    117722263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    117722263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    117722263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11550465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11550465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11550465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11550465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11550465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11550465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2102183.267857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2102183.267857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2102183.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2102183.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2102183.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2102183.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     75377908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75377908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     75377908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75377908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     75377908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75377908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1884447.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1884447.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1884447.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1884447.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1884447.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1884447.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                53437                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              172057333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                53693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3204.464884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.927702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.072298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.913780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.086220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8148410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8148410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6888273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6888273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15852                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15852                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15036683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15036683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15036683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15036683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5461                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5461                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       187766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       187766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       187766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       187766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  76857386359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  76857386359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3283574234                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3283574234                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  80140960593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80140960593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  80140960593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80140960593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8330715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8330715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6893734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6893734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16758                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16758                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        15852                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15852                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15224449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15224449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15224449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15224449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 421586.826247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421586.826247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 601277.098334                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 601277.098334                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 426812.951189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426812.951189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 426812.951189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426812.951189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     47927252                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            94                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 509864.382979                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           18940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       129022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       129022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       134329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       134329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        53283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        53437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        53437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18240560139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18240560139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15001033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15001033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18255561172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18255561172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18255561172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18255561172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 342333.579922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342333.579922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 97409.305195                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97409.305195                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 341627.733069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341627.733069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 341627.733069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341627.733069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              495.048734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1015640355                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2043541.961771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    40.048734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.064181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12540915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12540915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12540915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12540915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12540915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12540915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    142791191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142791191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    142791191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    142791191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    142791191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    142791191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12540978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12540978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12540978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12540978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12540978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12540978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2266526.841270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2266526.841270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2266526.841270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2266526.841270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2266526.841270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2266526.841270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       637890                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       212630                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94517277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94517277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94517277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94517277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94517277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94517277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2250411.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2250411.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2250411.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2250411.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2250411.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2250411.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                37039                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              164706153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                37295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4416.306556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.467193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.532807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     10001916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10001916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7430181                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7430181                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19905                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19905                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17432097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       17432097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17432097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      17432097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        95243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        97406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        97406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        97406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        97406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21397819793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21397819793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    139624635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139624635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21537444428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21537444428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21537444428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21537444428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     10097159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10097159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7432344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7432344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19905                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19905                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17529503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17529503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17529503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17529503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 224665.537551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224665.537551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64551.380028                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64551.380028                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 221110.038683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221110.038683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 221110.038683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221110.038683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           46                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           23                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        58418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        60367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        60367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        37039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        37039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8950654095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8950654095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15589140                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15589140                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8966243235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8966243235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8966243235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8966243235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 243059.174338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243059.174338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 72846.448598                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72846.448598                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 242075.737331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242075.737331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 242075.737331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242075.737331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              558.746423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              931906609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1658196.813167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    33.622486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.123936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.053882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11761577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11761577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11761577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11761577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11761577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11761577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61777123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61777123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61777123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61777123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61777123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61777123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11761626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11761626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11761626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11761626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11761626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11761626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1260757.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1260757.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1260757.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1260757.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1260757.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1260757.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     49795574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49795574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     49795574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49795574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     49795574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49795574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1422730.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1422730.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1422730.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1422730.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1422730.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1422730.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                52544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              223964179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                52800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4241.745814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   202.190886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    53.809114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.789808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.210192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17246522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17246522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3344076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3344076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     20590598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       20590598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     20590598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      20590598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       185418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       185710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       185710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       185710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       185710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  82090270574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82090270574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25124496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25124496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  82115395070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82115395070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  82115395070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82115395070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17431940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17431940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3344368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3344368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     20776308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20776308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     20776308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20776308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 442730.859863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442730.859863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 86042.794521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86042.794521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 442170.023531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442170.023531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 442170.023531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442170.023531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            6279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       132941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       133165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       133165                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133165                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        52477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        52545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        52545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16661944019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16661944019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4397375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4397375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16666341394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16666341394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16666341394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16666341394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 317509.461650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317509.461650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64667.279412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64667.279412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 317182.251289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317182.251289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 317182.251289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317182.251289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              519.766120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1012877220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1940377.816092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.647342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   481.118778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.061935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.771024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11553069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11553069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11553069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11553069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11553069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11553069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    130416551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    130416551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    130416551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    130416551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    130416551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    130416551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11553125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11553125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11553125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11553125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11553125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11553125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2328866.982143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2328866.982143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2328866.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2328866.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2328866.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2328866.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80711792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80711792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80711792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80711792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80711792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80711792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2017794.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2017794.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2017794.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2017794.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2017794.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2017794.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                53405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              172053977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                53661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3206.313282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.926708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.073292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.913776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.086224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8144636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8144636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6888343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6888343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15854                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15854                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15032979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15032979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15032979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15032979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       182529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5484                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5484                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       188013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       188013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       188013                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       188013                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  77080628022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77080628022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3577888857                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3577888857                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  80658516879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80658516879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  80658516879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80658516879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8327165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8327165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6893827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6893827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15854                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15854                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15220992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15220992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15220992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15220992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000795                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000795                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 422292.501586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422292.501586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 652423.205142                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 652423.205142                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 429004.999011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429004.999011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 429004.999011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429004.999011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     51920116                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets           104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 499231.884615                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           18898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       129277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       129277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       134608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       134608                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134608                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18238247947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18238247947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14090086                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14090086                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18252338033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18252338033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18252338033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18252338033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 342489.445411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342489.445411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92092.065359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92092.065359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341772.081884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341772.081884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341772.081884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341772.081884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              579.488558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1041929947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1784126.621575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.839689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   540.648869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.062243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.866424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10973182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10973182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10973182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10973182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10973182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10973182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    103997333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103997333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    103997333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103997333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    103997333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103997333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10973243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10973243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10973243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10973243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10973243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10973243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1704874.311475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1704874.311475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1704874.311475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1704874.311475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1704874.311475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1704874.311475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       546199                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       546199                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78476434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78476434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78476434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78476434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78476434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78476434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1914059.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1914059.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1914059.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1914059.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1914059.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1914059.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                75012                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              446610315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                75268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              5933.601464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.896478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.103522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     28729978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28729978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15726499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15726499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7688                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7688                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7674                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7674                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     44456477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       44456477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     44456477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      44456477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       274888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       274888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          275                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          275                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       275163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       275163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       275163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       275163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 136579230926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 136579230926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    243155253                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    243155253                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 136822386179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 136822386179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 136822386179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 136822386179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     29004866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29004866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15726774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15726774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7688                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7688                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7674                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7674                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     44731640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44731640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     44731640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44731640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 496854.103948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 496854.103948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 884200.920000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 884200.920000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 497241.221309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 497241.221309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 497241.221309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 497241.221309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12852                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           12852                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       199949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       200151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       200151                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200151                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        74939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        75012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        75012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  36049595564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36049595564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     72839709                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72839709                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  36122435273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36122435273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  36122435273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36122435273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 481052.530245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481052.530245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 997804.232877                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 997804.232877                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 481555.421439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481555.421439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 481555.421439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481555.421439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              517.801542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1012884527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1951607.951830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.801542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.057374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11560376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11560376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11560376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11560376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11560376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11560376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    123246359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123246359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    123246359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    123246359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    123246359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    123246359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11560426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11560426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11560426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11560426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11560426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11560426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2464927.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2464927.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2464927.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2464927.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2464927.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2464927.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80748384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80748384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80748384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80748384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80748384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80748384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2182388.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2182388.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2182388.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2182388.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2182388.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2182388.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                53454                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              172067589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                53710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3203.641575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.923375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.076625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8153504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8153504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6893368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6893368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15046872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15046872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15046872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15046872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       182026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5431                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5431                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       187457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       187457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       187457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       187457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  76411581540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  76411581540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3497684142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3497684142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  79909265682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79909265682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  79909265682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79909265682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8335530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8335530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6898799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6898799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        15863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15234329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15234329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15234329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15234329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 419783.885489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419783.885489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 644022.121525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 644022.121525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 426280.510634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426280.510634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 426280.510634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426280.510634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     51999428                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets            96                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 541660.708333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           18933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       128728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       134003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       134003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        53298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        53454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        53454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18175456069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18175456069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     17409971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17409971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18192866040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18192866040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18192866040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18192866040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 341015.724211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341015.724211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111602.378205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111602.378205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 340346.204961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340346.204961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 340346.204961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340346.204961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              528.893555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1017033209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1915316.777778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.893555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.062329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11257884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11257884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11257884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11257884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11257884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11257884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104291700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104291700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104291700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104291700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104291700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104291700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11257949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11257949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11257949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11257949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11257949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11257949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1604487.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1604487.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1604487.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1604487.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1604487.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1604487.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64149449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64149449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64149449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64149449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64149449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64149449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1564620.707317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1564620.707317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1564620.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1564620.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1564620.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1564620.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                66120                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              180157899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                66376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2714.202407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.086186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.913814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7801090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7801090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6461006                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6461006                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18494                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18494                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14262096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       14262096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14262096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      14262096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       172118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       172978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       172978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       172978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       172978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  74729518062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74729518062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    328123282                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    328123282                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  75057641344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75057641344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  75057641344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75057641344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7973208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7973208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6461866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6461866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18494                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18494                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14435074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14435074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14435074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14435074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 434176.077238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434176.077238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 381538.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 381538.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 433914.378383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433914.378383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 433914.378383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433914.378383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            7647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       106123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       106858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       106858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       106858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       106858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        65995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        66120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        66120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29569895003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29569895003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     33626962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33626962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29603521965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29603521965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29603521965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29603521965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 448062.656307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448062.656307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 269015.696000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 269015.696000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 447724.167650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447724.167650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 447724.167650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447724.167650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              518.924520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1012181873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1942767.510557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    44.745144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   474.179377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.071707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.759903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12173777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12173777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12173777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12173777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12173777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12173777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    129945583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    129945583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    129945583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    129945583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    129945583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    129945583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12173835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12173835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12173835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12173835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12173835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12173835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2240441.086207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2240441.086207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2240441.086207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2240441.086207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2240441.086207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2240441.086207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       830060                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 276686.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    113248891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113248891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    113248891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    113248891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    113248891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    113248891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2461932.413043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2461932.413043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2461932.413043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2461932.413043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2461932.413043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2461932.413043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                40881                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              166567419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                41137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4049.090089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.164340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.835660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.910798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.089202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8380128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8380128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7057717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7057717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18188                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18188                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16993                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16993                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15437845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15437845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15437845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15437845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       130990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          918                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          918                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       131908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       131908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       131908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       131908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  44860987542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44860987542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     77108603                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77108603                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  44938096145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44938096145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  44938096145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44938096145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8511118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8511118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7058635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7058635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16993                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16993                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15569753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15569753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15569753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15569753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 342476.429819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342476.429819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 83996.299564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83996.299564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 340677.564249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340677.564249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 340677.564249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340677.564249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            9229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        90264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        91027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        91027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        91027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        91027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  11999412246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11999412246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9981903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9981903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  12009394149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12009394149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  12009394149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12009394149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 294637.633109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294637.633109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64399.374194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64399.374194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 293764.686505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293764.686505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 293764.686505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293764.686505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              579.365640                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1041959812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1784177.760274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    39.262788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   540.102852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.062921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.865549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11003047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11003047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11003047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11003047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11003047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11003047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105298631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105298631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105298631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105298631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105298631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105298631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11003102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11003102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11003102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11003102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11003102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11003102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914520.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1914520.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914520.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1914520.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914520.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1914520.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1167293                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 583646.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81380655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81380655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81380655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81380655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81380655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81380655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1984894.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1984894.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1984894.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1984894.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1984894.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1984894.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                75221                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              446709818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                75477                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5918.489315                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.896636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.103364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     28788941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28788941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15766993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15766993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     44555934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       44555934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     44555934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      44555934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       275928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       276222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       276222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       276222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       276222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 135168372532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135168372532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    278715636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    278715636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 135447088168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135447088168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 135447088168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135447088168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     29064869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29064869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15767287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15767287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     44832156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44832156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     44832156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44832156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 489868.271912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489868.271912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 948012.367347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 948012.367347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 490355.902745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490355.902745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 490355.902745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490355.902745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1283593                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1283593                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12932                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           12932                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       200777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       200999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       200999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        75151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        75223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        75223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35619763830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35619763830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     76550523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76550523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35696314353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35696314353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35696314353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35696314353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 473975.912895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473975.912895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1063201.708333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1063201.708333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 474539.892759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474539.892759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 474539.892759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474539.892759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              558.820362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              931883448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1658155.601423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.655919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.164443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11738416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11738416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11738416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11738416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11738416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11738416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67868915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67868915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67868915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67868915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67868915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67868915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11738468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11738468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11738468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11738468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11738468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11738468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1305171.442308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1305171.442308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1305171.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1305171.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1305171.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1305171.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     45820168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45820168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     45820168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45820168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     45820168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45820168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1309147.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1309147.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1309147.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1309147.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1309147.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1309147.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                52642                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              223927096                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                52898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4233.186434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   202.186056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    53.813944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.789789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.210211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17215817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17215817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3337730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3337730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20553547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       20553547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20553547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      20553547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       185770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       186066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       186066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       186066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       186066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  83449706987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83449706987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     25340380                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25340380                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  83475047367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83475047367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  83475047367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83475047367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17401587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17401587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3338026                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3338026                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20739613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20739613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20739613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20739613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449209.813140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449209.813140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 85609.391892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85609.391892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 448631.385460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448631.385460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 448631.385460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448631.385460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       133196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       133424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       133424                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133424                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        52574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        52642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        52642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16884791063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16884791063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4395194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4395194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16889186257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16889186257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16889186257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16889186257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 321162.381843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321162.381843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64635.205882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64635.205882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320831.014342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320831.014342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320831.014342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320831.014342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              491.388358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1015632304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2064293.300813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.388358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.058315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12532864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12532864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12532864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12532864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12532864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12532864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    134131787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    134131787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    134131787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    134131787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    134131787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    134131787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12532917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12532917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12532917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12532917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12532917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12532917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2530788.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2530788.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2530788.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2530788.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2530788.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2530788.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1254810                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 313702.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85684943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85684943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85684943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85684943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85684943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85684943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2315809.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2315809.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2315809.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2315809.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2315809.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2315809.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                36981                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              164684814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                37237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4422.612294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.468269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.531731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.911985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.088015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9988584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9988584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7422217                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7422217                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19880                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19880                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18052                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18052                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17410801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       17410801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17410801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      17410801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        95133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        97304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        97304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        97304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        97304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21566671615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21566671615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    139546027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139546027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21706217642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21706217642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21706217642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21706217642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     10083717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10083717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7424388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7424388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19880                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19880                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18052                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18052                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17508105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17508105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17508105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17508105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 226700.215645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226700.215645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64277.304007                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64277.304007                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 223076.313841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223076.313841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 223076.313841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223076.313841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        26071                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  8690.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        60323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        60323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9032486201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9032486201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15575370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15575370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9048061571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9048061571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9048061571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9048061571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 245661.613387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245661.613387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 73123.802817                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73123.802817                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 244667.844866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244667.844866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 244667.844866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244667.844866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              515.354249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1012212276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1957857.400387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    40.354249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.064670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12204180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12204180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12204180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12204180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12204180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12204180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76824614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76824614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76824614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76824614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76824614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76824614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12204233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12204233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12204233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12204233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12204233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12204233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1449521.018868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1449521.018868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1449521.018868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1449521.018868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1449521.018868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1449521.018868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63179198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63179198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63179198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63179198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63179198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63179198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1504266.619048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1504266.619048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1504266.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1504266.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1504266.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1504266.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                40939                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              166592339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                41195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4043.994150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.164246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.835754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.910798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.089202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8395146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8395146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7067173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7067173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18612                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18612                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15462319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15462319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15462319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15462319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       130769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       131661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       131661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       131661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       131661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  44104471802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44104471802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     74912871                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74912871                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  44179384673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44179384673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  44179384673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44179384673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8525915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8525915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7068065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7068065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15593980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15593980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15593980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15593980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 337270.085433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337270.085433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 83983.039238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83983.039238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335554.071996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335554.071996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335554.071996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335554.071996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            9249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        89982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        89982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        90722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        90722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11734756878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11734756878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9797747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9797747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11744554625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11744554625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11744554625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11744554625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 287708.261897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287708.261897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64458.861842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64458.861842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 286879.372359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286879.372359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 286879.372359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286879.372359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              558.647956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              931882823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1655209.277087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    34.376574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   524.271382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.055091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.840178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11737791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11737791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11737791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11737791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11737791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11737791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75960152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75960152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75960152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75960152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75960152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75960152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11737841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11737841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11737841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11737841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11737841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11737841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1519203.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1519203.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1519203.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1519203.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1519203.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1519203.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61474687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61474687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61474687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61474687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61474687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61474687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1707630.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1707630.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1707630.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1707630.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1707630.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1707630.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                52570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              223922532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                52826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4238.869723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   202.470798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    53.529202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.790902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.209098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17212472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17212472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3336520                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3336520                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7830                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7830                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20548992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       20548992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20548992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      20548992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       185666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       185666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83357430843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83357430843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     25444596                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25444596                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83382875439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83382875439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83382875439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83382875439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17397842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17397842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3336816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3336816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7830                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7830                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20734658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20734658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20734658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20734658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 449681.344570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449681.344570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85961.472973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85961.472973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 449101.480287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449101.480287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 449101.480287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449101.480287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       132868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       133096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       133096                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133096                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        52502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        52570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        52570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16890205843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16890205843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4418636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4418636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16894624479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16894624479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16894624479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16894624479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 321705.951069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321705.951069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64979.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64979.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 321373.872532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321373.872532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 321373.872532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321373.872532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              557.994366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              931906979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1658197.471530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.829756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.164609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.052612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11761947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11761947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11761947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11761947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11761947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11761947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59287686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     59287686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59287686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     59287686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59287686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     59287686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11761991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11761991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11761991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11761991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11761991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11761991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1347447.409091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1347447.409091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1347447.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1347447.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1347447.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1347447.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     49610228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49610228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     49610228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49610228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     49610228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49610228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1417435.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1417435.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1417435.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1417435.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1417435.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1417435.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                52634                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              223967474                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                52890                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4234.590168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   203.350226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    52.649774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.794337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.205663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17249814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17249814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3344090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3344090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7904                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7904                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     20593904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       20593904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     20593904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      20593904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       185524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       185820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       185820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       185820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       185820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  82276111352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82276111352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     25722912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25722912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  82301834264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82301834264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  82301834264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82301834264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17435338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17435338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3344386                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3344386                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     20779724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20779724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     20779724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20779724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 443479.611005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443479.611005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86901.729730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86901.729730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 442911.604047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442911.604047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 442911.604047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442911.604047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6275                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            6275                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       132958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       133186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       133186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        52566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        52634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        52634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16679427169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16679427169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4449128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4449128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16683876297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16683876297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16683876297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16683876297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 317304.477590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317304.477590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 65428.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65428.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316979.068606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316979.068606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316979.068606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316979.068606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
