
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.117588                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                117588246651                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               644690309559                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 293262                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   371201                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1965826                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67760068                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59816.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17541851670                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22203840144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2511616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4658304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1158784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1158144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1158528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2443264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3951232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4670336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3955200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1157248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1623552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2439040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4655616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1158528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2442240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4671872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             43889152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           75648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10218368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10218368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        19622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        36393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         9053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         9048                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         9051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        19088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        30869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        36487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        30900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         9041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        12684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        19055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        36372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         9051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        19080                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        36499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                342884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           79831                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                79831                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21359414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     39615388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        37011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      9854590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        37011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      9849148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        37011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9852413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        37011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20778131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33602270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39717711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        41365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     33636015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        37011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      9841528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13807094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        37011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20742209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     39592528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        37011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      9852413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        35922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20769423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39730774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               373244378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        37011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        37011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        37011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        37011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41365                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        41365                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        37011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        37011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42453                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        37011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        35922                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             643330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          86899569                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               86899569                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          86899569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        39188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21359414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        45719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     39615388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        37011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      9854590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        37011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      9849148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        37011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9852413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        37011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20778131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        41365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33602270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        46807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39717711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        41365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     33636015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        37011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      9841528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        45719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13807094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        37011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20742209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        42453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     39592528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        37011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      9852413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        35922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20769423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        45719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39730774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              460143948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              281986204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20702348                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16975859                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023292                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8576699                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8088507                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2123143                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91274                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197523866                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117678061                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20702348                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10211650                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25878219                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5754369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     18474773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12169242                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2012315                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    245572102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      219693883     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2803603      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3235505      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1781779      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2064950      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1130168      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         771926      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2007528      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12082760      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    245572102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073416                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.417319                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195926426                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     20102564                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25671956                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       194793                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3676357                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3361956                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18887                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143645981                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        93652                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3676357                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196230672                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       6724846                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     12516000                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25570693                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       853528                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143558508                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       224361                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       393170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199470485                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668390748                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668390748                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29178753                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37529                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20908                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2289862                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13706327                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7466302                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196549                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1656828                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143321624                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37608                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135420674                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       191739                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17952973                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41534124                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4158                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245572102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188514945     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22942584      9.34%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12328958      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8540972      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7463909      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3825526      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       916167      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595338      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443703      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245572102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35515     12.18%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124797     42.81%     55.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131176     45.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113348575     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2118625      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12524169      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7412721      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135420674                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.480239                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291488                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    516896673                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161313483                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133179661                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135712162                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       340784                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2422644                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          847                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165630                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8294                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4466                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3676357                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       6225889                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       150064                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143359351                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74337                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13706327                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7466302                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20900                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105298                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171328                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1137239                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2308567                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133435370                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11762234                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1985300                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19173318                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18670318                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7411084                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.473198                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133181728                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133179661                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79151373                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207309790                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.472291                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381802                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20672672                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2034988                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241895745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191773686     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23243464      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9741715      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5855390      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4050667      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2616163      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356961      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1092009      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2165690      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241895745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2165690                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          383089947                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290397578                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3024977                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              36414102                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.819862                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.819862                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.354627                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.354627                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      601889928                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184827599                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134064268                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33420                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              281986204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18998231                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17146102                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       994020                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7156314                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6798617                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047114                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43935                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201543639                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            119373542                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18998231                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      7845731                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23615857                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       3136262                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     28447752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11561251                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       998353                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    255724672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      232108815     90.77%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         840871      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1726530      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         736130      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        3923758      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3495532      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         677563      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1413463      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10802010      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    255724672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.067373                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.423331                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      199451790                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     30551998                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23528705                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        75254                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      2116920                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1664597                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          505                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    139985035                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2809                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      2116920                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      199718299                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles      28429743                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1213581                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23369065                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       877057                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    139907659                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       449439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       289506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7254                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    164238029                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    658894113                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    658894113                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    145645221                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       18592808                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16217                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2035463                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     33009401                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     16696529                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152187                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       807428                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        139637015                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16267                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       134208344                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        80012                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10834101                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26023279                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           70                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    255724672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207527187     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14722588      5.76%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11899619      4.65%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5144253      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6429089      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6091913      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3463067      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       276212      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       170744      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    255724672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        337950     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2579428     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75375      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84188551     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1171665      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8035      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32188030     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16652063     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    134208344                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.475939                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2992753                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022299                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527214125                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150490842                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133058337                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    137201097                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240344                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1284517                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          517                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3467                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       108597                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11832                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      2116920                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles      27747732                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       263087                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139653370                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33009401                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16696529                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       163142                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          127                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3467                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       581166                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       586251                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1167417                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133273801                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32079422                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       934543                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           48729845                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17461869                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         16650423                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.472625                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            133061844                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           133058337                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        71875634                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       141891995                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.471861                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506552                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108104694                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    127040681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12627816                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1015829                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253607752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207359721     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17021221      6.71%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7925989      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7797639      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2157350      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8923217      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       678207      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       495426      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1248982      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253607752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    108104694                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    127040681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             48312816                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            31724884                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8086                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         16776438                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       112969651                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1230528                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1248982                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          392026942                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         281454092                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4326428                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              26261532                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         108104694                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           127040681                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    108104694                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.608455                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.608455                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.383369                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.383369                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      658845259                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     154511485                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     166663784                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              281986204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       24465617                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20370466                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2224040                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9495084                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8963241                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2635002                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103513                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    212983675                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            134212941                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          24465617                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     11598243                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            27984723                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6181129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     19155804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           78                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13223784                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2126132                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    264063478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      236078755     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1717155      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2171973      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3448380      1.31%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1439507      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1858744      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2164398      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         988599      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       14195967      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    264063478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086762                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.475956                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      211736376                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     20525322                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        27852147                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        13219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3936412                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3723221                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          576                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    164048138                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         3026                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3936412                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      211950174                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        682401                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     19246448                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        27651871                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       596165                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    163039569                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        86637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       415606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    227745016                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    758222580                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    758222580                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    190720340                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       37024676                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        39867                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20955                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2094904                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     15257393                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7982766                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        90110                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1799480                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        159202223                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40008                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       152796440                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151557                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19217241                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39025498                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1862                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264063478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199318176     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29531721     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12075143      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6762854      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9167735      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2819408      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2778323      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1492991      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117127      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264063478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1052882     79.10%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141933     10.66%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136193     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128725544     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2089335      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18912      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14004240      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7958409      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    152796440                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.541858                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1331008                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008711                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571138923                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178460187                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148825666                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    154127448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       113855                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2861750                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          718                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106186                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3936412                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        519468                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65394                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159242240                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       123921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15257393                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7982766                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20955                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57142                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           71                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          718                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1319387                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1244774                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2564161                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150139732                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13775652                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2656708                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           21733427                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       21235493                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7957775                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.532436                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            148826068                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           148825666                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        89171382                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       239538703                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.527776                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372263                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110956633                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    136724125                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22518822                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38146                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2243043                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260127066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202263291     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29322434     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10645255      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5304853      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4855276      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2040167      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2015542      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       960553      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2719695      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260127066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    110956633                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    136724125                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             20272223                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            12395643                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             19030                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         19818154                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       123095834                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2823270                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2719695                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          416649551                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         322422330                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3228462                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              17922726                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         110956633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           136724125                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    110956633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.541409                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.541409                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.393482                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.393482                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      675581418                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     207970778                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     151734384                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        38114                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              281986204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       24461792                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20368026                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2222559                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9365192                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8957923                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2632771                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103256                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    212893894                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            134188355                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          24461792                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     11590694                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            27975323                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6180445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     19286708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13218303                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2124432                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    264098441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      236123118     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1715180      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2170893      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3445111      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1440091      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1855415      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        2162454      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         988499      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       14197680      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    264098441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086748                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.475869                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      211649040                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     20656847                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        27842243                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        13178                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3937131                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3722203                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          633                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    164017468                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         3138                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3937131                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      211863377                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        682429                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     19377017                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        27641248                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       597232                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    163006549                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        86073                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       416836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    227693758                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    758050662                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    758050662                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    190648618                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       37045132                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        39586                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20681                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2099507                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     15254102                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7983581                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        90056                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1806371                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        159168931                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39731                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       152749724                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151169                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19224088                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39062694                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1597                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264098441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199369115     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29524623     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12072276      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6766230      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9160851      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2820665      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2775038      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1492242      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117401      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264098441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1052211     79.08%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       142220     10.69%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136131     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128687447     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2088644      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18905      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13995315      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7959413      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    152749724                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.541692                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1330562                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008711                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571079620                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178433462                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148781850                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    154080286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       113613                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2863113                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          715                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109950                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3937131                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        518656                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        66029                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159208671                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       125307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15254102                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7983581                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20681                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57786                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           69                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          715                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1317644                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1247727                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2565371                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150093750                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13768979                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2655974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           21727457                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       21228488                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7958478                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.532273                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            148782444                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           148781850                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        89145070                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       239454132                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527621                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372285                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110914909                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    136672669                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22536643                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2241536                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260161310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202316953     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29314025     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10641176      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5304114      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4852777      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2037697      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2015981      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       960225      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2718362      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260161310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    110914909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    136672669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             20264613                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            12390985                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             19024                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         19810676                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       123049518                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2822201                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2718362                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          416651493                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         322355789                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3226409                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              17887763                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         110914909                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           136672669                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    110914909                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.542365                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.542365                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393335                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393335                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      675370262                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     207910689                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     151707302                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        38102                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              281986204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       24477817                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20380764                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2224175                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9338472                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8956738                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2634585                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103213                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    212977691                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            134258689                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          24477817                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     11591323                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            27988776                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6191459                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     19186768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13224941                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2126720                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    264106700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      236117924     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1717104      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2168916      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3443285      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1441227      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1856278      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        2162322      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         990848      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       14208796      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    264106700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086805                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.476118                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      211730700                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     20560194                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        27856076                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        13233                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3946495                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3725461                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          630                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    164126280                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         3126                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3946495                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      211944752                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        683653                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     19278198                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        27655374                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       598221                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    163118698                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        86267                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       417276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    227832220                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    758560154                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    758560154                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    190720543                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       37111675                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        39441                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20529                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2103879                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     15279800                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7987538                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89662                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1808491                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        159280861                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39585                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       152831062                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       152898                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19275518                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39222926                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1439                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264106700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199348031     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29535130     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12078270      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6767948      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9166597      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2823168      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2777026      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1493076      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117454      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264106700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1052932     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       143779     10.79%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136226     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128756636     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2089498      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18912      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14002595      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7963421      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    152831062                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.541981                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1332937                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571254659                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178596680                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148858385                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    154163999                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       113123                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2884133                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          719                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110949                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3946495                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        519874                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65901                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159320455                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       124761                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15279800                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7987538                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20529                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57693                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           66                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          719                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1315600                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1251602                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2567202                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150172319                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13775096                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2658743                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           21737786                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       21239556                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7962690                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.532552                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            148858871                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           148858385                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        89193094                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       239603429                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.527892                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372253                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110956754                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    136724288                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22596800                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38146                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2243185                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260160205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202294972     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29327084     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10644155      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5303875      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4854583      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2036366      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2017342      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       961569      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2720259      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260160205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    110956754                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    136724288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             20272255                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            12395666                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             19030                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         19818180                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       123095987                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2823276                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2720259                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          416760267                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         322588695                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3229942                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              17879504                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         110956754                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           136724288                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    110956754                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.541406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.541406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393483                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393483                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      675705546                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     208014151                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     151784744                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        38114                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              281986204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19393321                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17307950                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1545054                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12947267                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12651092                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1166501                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46898                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204850664                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            110092049                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19393321                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     13817593                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24546029                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5058820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      8197290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12393955                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1516611                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    241099048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      216553019     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3741050      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1886332      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3696070      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1190162      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3427509      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         541178      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         877656      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        9186072      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    241099048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068774                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.390416                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      202927492                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     10167492                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24497474                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19695                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3486894                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1840631                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18171                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    123184133                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        34295                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3486894                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      203146517                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6544172                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2928714                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24280080                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       712665                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    123005122                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        95829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       543913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    161232749                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    557480066                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    557480066                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    130861595                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       30371154                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        16565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8389                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1646235                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     22151176                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3609396                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       820185                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        122364068                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16624                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       114624778                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74887                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21995555                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44992211                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          134                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241099048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190836135     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15821649      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16851931      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9733066      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5035159      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259684      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1497801      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34777      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28846      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241099048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192682     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79113     23.50%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64911     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89909178     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       900602      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8178      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20228171     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3578649      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    114624778                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.406491                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336706                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002937                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    470760197                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144376549                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111724087                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    114961484                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89844                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4496545                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          307                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82432                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3486894                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       5739260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85495                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122380783                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6665                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22151176                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3609396                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8387                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41018                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2305                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          307                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044908                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593120                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1638028                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113170670                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19936778                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1454108                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           23515243                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17205475                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3578465                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.401334                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            111749541                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           111724087                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        67594583                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       147339887                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.396204                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.458766                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89006138                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    100231766                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22153972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16490                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1535350                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237612154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200282514     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14678485      6.18%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9416516      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2964270      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4918040      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       962509      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608881      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558064      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3222875      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237612154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     89006138                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    100231766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             21181595                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            17654631                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8228                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15376279                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        87601161                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1255470                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3222875                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          356774692                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         248261122                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4569220                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              40887156                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          89006138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           100231766                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     89006138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.168166                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.168166                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.315640                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.315640                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      525988062                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     145603495                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     130785967                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16474                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              281986198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19799938                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16192053                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1938418                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8320732                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7825055                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2038154                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85990                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192359520                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            112305618                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19799938                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9863209                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23546725                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5623745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      8950043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11829670                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1950986                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    228498723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      204951998     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1279990      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2021389      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3210901      1.41%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1330489      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1493496      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1581243      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1034475      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11594742      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    228498723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070216                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398266                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      190530446                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     10793133                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23474198                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        58963                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3641982                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3246390                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          454                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    137148591                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2937                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3641982                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      190822854                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2159625                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      7770959                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23245849                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       857441                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    137058230                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        35004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       234704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       316016                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        60381                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    190273220                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    637559309                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    637559309                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    162518377                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       27754653                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        35443                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19727                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2532253                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13072990                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7025260                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211440                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1591036                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        136865612                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35551                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       129624473                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163302                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17203553                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38203768                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3857                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228498723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567288                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173797026     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21980521      9.62%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12019067      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8173416      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7633866      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2198103      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1715202      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       583797      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       397725      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228498723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30066     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        91452     38.38%     50.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116789     49.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108587857     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2046120      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15714      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11986925      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6987857      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    129624473                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.459684                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            238307                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488149278                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154106151                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127538207                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    129862780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       392898                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2346439                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          369                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1469                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       206242                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8067                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3641982                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1352877                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118194                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136901311                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56674                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13072990                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7025260                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19718                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        87255                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1469                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1134506                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1103463                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2237969                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127774771                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11273382                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1849702                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 148                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18259533                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17989143                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6986151                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.453124                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            127539065                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           127538207                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        74569421                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       194768536                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.452285                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382862                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95462947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    117013599                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19888024                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31694                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1979886                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224856741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177355306     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23000906     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8959197      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4824402      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3613839      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2018572      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1244915      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1113445      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2726159      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224856741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     95462947                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    117013599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             17545547                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10726534                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             15812                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16796724                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       105438183                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2377161                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2726159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          359031568                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         277445636                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3119127                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              53487475                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          95462947                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           117013599                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     95462947                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.953881                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.953881                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.338538                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.338538                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      576219327                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     176782850                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     127929515                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        31666                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              281986204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19050436                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17191872                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       998370                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7111574                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6810454                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1050527                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202085313                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            119720813                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19050436                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      7860981                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23680050                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       3152010                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     28315428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11593760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1002550                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    256209531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      232529481     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         844731      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1725032      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         736516      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        3933250      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3510421      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         677816      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1420449      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10831835      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    256209531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.067558                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.424563                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      199995545                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     30417948                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23592446                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        75350                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      2128237                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1670659                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          504                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    140386776                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2802                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      2128237                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      200261873                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles      28306818                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1202323                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23433320                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       876953                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    140311826                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       447520                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       289270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8983                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    164737395                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    660814685                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    660814685                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    146008768                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       18728622                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        16268                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8211                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2037253                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     33099778                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     16734322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151697                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       810761                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        140037786                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16316                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       134548813                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        76554                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10909273                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26281205                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           79                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256209531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207889917     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14754291      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11935268      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5158375      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6445541      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6108235      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3470626      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       276458      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       170820      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256209531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338626     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2587253     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75583      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84411197     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1175308      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8055      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32259561     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16694692     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    134548813                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477147                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3001462                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022308                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528385173                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150966880                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133398789                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    137550275                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1295864                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          504                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3516                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105046                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11866                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      2128237                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles      27634432                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       264523                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140054187                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1377                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33099778                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16734322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       164033                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          124                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3516                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       581211                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       590920                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1172131                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133610087                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32155623                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       938726                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           48848602                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       17508537                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         16692979                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.473818                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            133402240                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           133398789                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        72076884                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       142335194                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473068                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506388                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108374282                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    127357589                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12711568                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1020219                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    254081294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207717581     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17065417      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7946425      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7813831      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2164795      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8942158      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       681843      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       497151      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1252093      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    254081294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    108374282                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    127357589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             48433187                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            31803911                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              8106                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         16818273                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       113251495                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1233610                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1252093                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          392898033                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         282266745                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4338871                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              25776673                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         108374282                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           127357589                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    108374282                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.601966                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.601966                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.384325                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.384325                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      660502744                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     154914418                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     167130851                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        16212                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              281986204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19834106                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16218822                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1940852                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8337466                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7837898                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2041992                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86218                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192675897                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            112503880                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19834106                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9879890                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23587122                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5630877                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      8824414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11848943                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1953256                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    228734440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      205147318     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1281862      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2024450      0.89%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3215192      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1333509      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1496376      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1586390      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1036959      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11612384      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    228734440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070337                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.398969                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      190844704                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     10669838                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23514353                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        58990                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3646554                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3252973                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          456                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    137384098                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2955                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3646554                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      191136649                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2183993                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      7619655                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23286544                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       861032                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    137293670                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        38276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       235489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       315755                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        64109                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    190596917                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    638651001                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    638651001                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    162800389                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       27796502                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        35595                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19849                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2530988                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13093034                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7037704                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211776                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1596158                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        137102042                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35697                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       129852130                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163800                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17234394                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38241459                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3948                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228734440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173937407     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22020444      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12035221      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8189050      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7649836      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2202266      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1716666      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584976      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398574      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228734440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30114     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        91913     38.45%     51.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117004     48.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108778198     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2050098      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15742      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12007328      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7000764      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    129852130                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.460491                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239031                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488841529                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154373576                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127765708                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    130091161                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       394619                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2347893                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          359                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1474                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       206861                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8054                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3646554                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1384198                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118257                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137137886                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55732                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13093034                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7037704                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19840                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        87366                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1474                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1135807                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1105138                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2240945                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128003327                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11294933                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1848801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 147                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18294065                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18021584                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6999132                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.453935                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            127766541                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           127765708                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        74702934                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       195106571                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.453092                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382883                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95628579                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    117216623                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19921859                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31749                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1982435                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225087886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177501786     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23043604     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8973124      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4836096      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3617961      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2021942      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1247802      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1114451      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2731120      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225087886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     95628579                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    117216623                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             17575984                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10745141                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15840                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16825886                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       105621095                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2381282                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2731120                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          359494611                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         277923749                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3122969                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              53251764                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          95628579                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           117216623                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     95628579                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.948765                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.948765                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.339125                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.339125                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      577251129                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     177094470                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     128157088                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        31720                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              281986204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       24442418                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20351644                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2220267                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9357329                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8949207                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2629747                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103054                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    212717528                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            134083512                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          24442418                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     11578954                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            27949914                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       6173207                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     19525929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13206722                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2122118                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    264129418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      236179504     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1714861      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2169060      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3440999      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1436994      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1853333      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        2160719      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         987961      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       14185987      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    264129418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086679                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.475497                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      211468971                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     20898115                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        27817120                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        13016                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3932194                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3719396                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          633                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    163871254                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3138                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3932194                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      211683475                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        682109                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     19618562                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        27615923                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       597148                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    162861294                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        85863                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       416720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    227494406                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    757374989                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    757374989                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    190503359                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       36991041                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        39611                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20720                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2099098                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     15229433                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7976655                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89094                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1804442                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        159026603                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39757                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       152627695                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151222                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19190846                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38953663                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1651                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264129418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199453554     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29503786     11.17%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12059007      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6758758      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9152007      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2818049      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2775971      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1490766      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117520      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264129418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1052520     79.15%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141128     10.61%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136063     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128585457     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2086676      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18891      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13984575      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7952096      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    152627695                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541259                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1329711                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008712                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570865741                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178257923                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148661673                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    153957406                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       112430                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2847874                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          720                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109004                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3932194                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        519270                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        66067                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159066369                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       123500                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15229433                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7976655                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20720                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57734                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           66                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          720                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1315742                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1246051                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2561793                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149972411                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13758228                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2655284                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           21709565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       21210780                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7951337                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531843                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            148662179                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           148661673                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        89070528                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       239246898                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.527195                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372295                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110830360                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    136568491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22498549                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38106                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2239230                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260197224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202396559     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29291900     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10633172      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5301441      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4847121      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2037732      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2012633      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       960346      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2716320      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260197224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    110830360                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    136568491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             20249206                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            12381555                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             19010                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         19795547                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       122955766                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2820057                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2716320                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          416547177                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         322066301                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3221915                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              17856786                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         110830360                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           136568491                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    110830360                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.544305                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.544305                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.393035                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.393035                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      674834134                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     207741501                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     151587873                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        38074                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              281986204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       21820789                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17854191                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2131769                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9012241                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8584656                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2254960                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97224                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210132678                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            122030563                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          21820789                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10839616                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            25471950                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5822048                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     11303009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12855400                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2133270                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    250570193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      225098243     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1192024      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1887647      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2551351      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2627412      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2221540      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1242114      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1846965      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11902897      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    250570193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077382                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.432754                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      207968857                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     13485389                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        25424731                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        29032                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3662182                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3591989                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    149726636                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1955                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3662182                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      208541453                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1860023                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     10303409                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24887800                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1315324                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    149669162                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       195406                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       564345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    208853080                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    696283783                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    696283783                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    181112705                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       27740349                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        37223                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19420                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3905523                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     14004828                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7592951                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        88844                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1737534                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        149482730                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       141976423                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19729                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16492351                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39463232                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1450                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250570193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190540255     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24649628      9.84%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12492284      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9460945      3.78%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7426739      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2995715      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1890067      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       983021      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131539      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250570193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27166     11.53%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86419     36.67%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122106     51.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119408213     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119349      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17802      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12862489      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7568570      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    141976423                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.503487                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235691                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534778459                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166013018                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139844563                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    142212114                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       288422                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2238949                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          583                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       107873                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3662182                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1539477                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129344                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149520239                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58762                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14004828                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7592951                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19421                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109199                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          583                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1239376                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1198419                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2437795                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140015429                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12103832                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1960994                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           19672115                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19898433                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7568283                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.496533                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            139844829                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           139844563                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        80275130                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       216303490                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.495927                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105577272                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    129911805                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19608450                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35907                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2158720                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246908011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193652359     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26377558     10.68%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9983041      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4758310      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3984456      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2300261      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2026969      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908164      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2916893      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246908011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    105577272                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    129911805                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19250957                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11765879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17914                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18733571                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       117048930                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2675181                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2916893                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          393510645                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         302702762                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3184740                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              31416011                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         105577272                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           129911805                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    105577272                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.670899                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.670899                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.374406                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.374406                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      630182602                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     194801032                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     138812713                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        35874                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              281986204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19364487                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17283589                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1542360                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12920795                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12631966                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164516                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46854                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204536886                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            109937765                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19364487                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13796482                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24510687                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5052063                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      8265602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12374817                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1513932                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    240814192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      216303505     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3736100      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1883397      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3690902      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1187144      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3423500      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         539901      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         876236      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9173507      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    240814192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068672                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.389869                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      202613516                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     10235863                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24462508                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19418                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3482886                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1836316                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        18131                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    123007702                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        34312                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3482886                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      202832560                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6541388                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2999485                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24245126                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       712741                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    122828859                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        95468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       544505                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    160998081                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    556678033                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    556678033                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    130654426                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       30343629                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16512                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8351                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1646219                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     22123771                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3603206                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23542                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       817505                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        122189365                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       114453568                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74720                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21976022                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44955325                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          113                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    240814192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190631350     79.16%     79.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15790641      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16828769      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9718759      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5025649      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259825      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1495752      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34697      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28750      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    240814192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192224     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79014     23.51%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64808     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89773151     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898923      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8162      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20200952     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3572380      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    114453568                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.405884                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336046                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002936                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    470132094                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144182248                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111557617                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    114789614                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90656                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4492225                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          100                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          300                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82864                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3482886                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5735248                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85419                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122206020                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6506                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22123771                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3603206                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8350                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41061                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2300                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          300                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041910                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592318                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1634228                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113000955                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19910257                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1452613                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           23482454                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17179515                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3572197                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.400732                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            111583298                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           111557617                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        67499247                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       147118187                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.395614                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458810                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88872093                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    100076509                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22134484                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16457                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1532682                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237331306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200062134     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14652077      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9402334      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2961712      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4909623      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959819      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607773      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556269      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3219565      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237331306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     88872093                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    100076509                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             21151881                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            17631539                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15352934                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        87464115                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1253127                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3219565                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          356322409                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         247907625                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4562944                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              41172012                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          88872093                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           100076509                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     88872093                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.172944                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.172944                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.315165                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.315165                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      525213341                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     145384103                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     130604645                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16440                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              281986204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       18995990                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17142792                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       993074                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7170701                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6804086                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1045425                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44021                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201508558                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            119342456                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          18995990                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      7849511                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23616295                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       3135179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     28467057                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11558045                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       997423                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    255709118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      232092823     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         841357      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1733003      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         738520      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        3922714      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3487411      1.36%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         678013      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1408784      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10806493      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    255709118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.067365                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.423221                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      199395425                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     30592388                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23529771                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        74818                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      2116711                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1665635                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          497                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    139967724                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2811                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      2116711                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      199663755                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles      28435346                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1241123                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23368235                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       883941                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    139886552                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       455361                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       291282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7614                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    164179155                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    658771476                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    658771476                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    145642490                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       18536665                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        16242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2045586                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     33015795                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     16705056                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152473                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       806150                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        139617707                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16292                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       134214643                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        88666                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10815001                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25973868                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           95                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    255709118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315283                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207493549     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14734861      5.76%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11908576      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5147336      2.01%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6429305      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6087723      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3460325      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       276707      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       170736      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    255709118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        337162     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2577722     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75301      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84177092     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1171623      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8035      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32206400     24.00%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16651493     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    134214643                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.475962                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2990185                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022279                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527217255                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150452467                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133056386                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    137204828                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240606                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1291073                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          525                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3476                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117214                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11836                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           55                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      2116711                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles      27736320                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       263467                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139634086                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1623                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33015795                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16705056                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8206                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       163799                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          133                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3476                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       581205                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       584504                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1165709                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133281561                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32090818                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       933082                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           48740644                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17460101                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         16649826                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.472653                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            133059924                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           133056386                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        71862361                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       141810060                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.471854                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506751                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108103135                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    127038773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12610843                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1014912                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253592407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207337648     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17027723      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7930216      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7798220      3.08%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2155367      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8920135      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       677578      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       495813      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1249707      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253592407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    108103135                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    127038773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             48312564                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            31724722                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8086                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16776145                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       112967959                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1230494                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1249707                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          391991991                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         281416124                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4323621                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              26277086                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         108103135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           127038773                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    108103135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.608492                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.608492                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.383363                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.383363                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      658870548                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     154497376                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     166633863                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        16172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              281986204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       24473633                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20375570                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2223028                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9336803                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8955168                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2635112                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103336                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    212934896                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            134231037                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          24473633                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     11590280                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            27985328                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6188905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     19224633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13221894                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2125618                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    264096884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      236111556     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1717683      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2167470      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3444296      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1441380      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1857282      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        2161016      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         990981      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       14205220      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    264096884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086790                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.476020                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      211688651                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     20597238                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        27852705                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        13198                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3945090                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3726508                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          630                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    164097414                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         3126                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3945090                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      211902610                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        682580                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     19316077                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        27652157                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       598363                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    163089718                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        86203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       417693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    227788589                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    758421070                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    758421070                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    190692550                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       37096006                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        39437                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20527                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2103924                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     15279153                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7987756                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89806                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1811785                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        159263394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39582                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       152814025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       153098                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19276605                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39227642                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1440                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264096884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199344338     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29530272     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12082152      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6765282      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9165403      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2822156      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2776989      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1493059      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117233      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264096884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1052790     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       143858     10.79%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136209     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128739444     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2089085      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18910      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14003018      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7963568      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    152814025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.541920                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1332857                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571210888                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178580295                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148842492                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    154146882                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       113293                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2885283                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          717                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       112280                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3945090                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        519127                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65772                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159302985                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       124996                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15279153                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7987756                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20527                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57498                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           69                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          717                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1314398                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1251298                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2565696                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150157848                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13775115                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2656176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           21737963                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       21239231                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7962848                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.532501                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            148843002                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           148842492                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        89181342                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       239559655                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.527836                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372272                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110940512                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    136704281                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22599303                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38142                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2242039                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260151794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202292684     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29324751     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10642356      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5304209      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4854150      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2035828      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2017694      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       960689      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2719433      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260151794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    110940512                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    136704281                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             20269340                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            12393868                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             19028                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         19815275                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       123077994                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2822868                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2719433                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          416735178                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         322552309                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3228687                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              17889320                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         110940512                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           136704281                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    110940512                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.541778                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.541778                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393425                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393425                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      675629580                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     207987799                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     151756311                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        38110                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              281986204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19379488                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17299390                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1544574                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12946242                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12641956                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1165025                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46994                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204704578                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            110032037                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19379488                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     13806981                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24535331                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5058868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      8332790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12386132                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1516106                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    241078291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      216542960     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3737591      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1889573      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3696691      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1189857      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3424475      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         541129      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         873427      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        9182588      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    241078291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068725                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.390204                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      202782118                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     10302279                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24486751                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19700                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3487442                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1835577                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18150                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    123115019                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        34211                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3487442                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      203001083                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6648019                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2959460                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24269260                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       713021                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    122935355                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        95614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       544392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    161156317                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    557189243                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    557189243                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    130765513                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       30390804                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        16545                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8375                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1648043                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     22142854                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3606294                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23460                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       817256                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        122298120                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16605                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       114546530                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74699                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22002046                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45052681                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          127                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241078291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190854669     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15807325      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16838435      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9724963      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5031360      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259623      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1498282      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34873      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28761      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241078291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192542     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79042     23.49%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64893     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89847328     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       899903      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8171      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20215370     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3575758      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    114546530                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.406213                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336477                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002937                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    470582527                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144317072                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111645634                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    114883007                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90233                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4500227                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          310                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82124                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3487442                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       5841749                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85692                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122314810                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22142854                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3606294                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8374                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41396                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2320                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          310                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1043969                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593858                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1637827                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113092777                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19925023                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1453753                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           23500606                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17192794                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3575583                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.401058                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            111670955                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           111645634                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        67554908                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       147257199                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.395926                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458755                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88942147                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    100158836                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22160947                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16478                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1534890                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237590849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200288693     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14667090      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9410698      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2962134      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4913764      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       960920      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       609514      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557080      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3220956      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237590849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     88942147                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    100158836                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             21166797                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            17642627                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8222                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15365181                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        87537151                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1254479                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3220956                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          356689351                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         248129777                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4566722                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              40907913                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          88942147                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           100158836                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     88942147                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.170445                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.170445                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.315413                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.315413                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      525633784                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     145504295                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     130711789                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        16462                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              281986204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19060987                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17203802                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       998739                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7109038                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6820948                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046861                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43945                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202117702                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            119750732                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19060987                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      7867809                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23695189                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       3159877                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     28228755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11595954                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1003005                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    256177943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      232482754     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         842148      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1737320      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         741474      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        3933036      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3500182      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         675992      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1416617      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10848420      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    256177943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067595                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.424669                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      200028833                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     30330205                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23607705                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        75406                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      2135789                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1669184                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          509                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    140468122                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2844                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      2135789                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      200297485                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles      28207757                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1212278                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23446421                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       878206                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    140387215                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          515                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       448994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       290854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6234                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    164786967                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    661115816                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    661115816                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    146035280                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       18751664                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        16259                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2047288                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     33121879                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     16751030                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152327                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       809603                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        140107440                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16307                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       134618780                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        88142                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10960773                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26387832                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           70                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256177943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207833617     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14766318      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11931488      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5165169      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6452710      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6108405      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3471619      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277536      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       171081      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256177943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338280     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2588114     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75540      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84445111     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1175212      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8056      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32292463     23.99%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16697938     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    134618780                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.477395                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3001934                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528505575                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151087961                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133451914                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    137620714                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241310                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1311258                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          511                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3446                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118301                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11862                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      2135789                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles      27523909                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       261724                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140123838                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1400                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33121879                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16751030                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       162702                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          100                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3446                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       583193                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       590585                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1173778                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133677590                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32176286                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       941186                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           48872570                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17510257                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         16696284                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.474057                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            133455391                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           133451914                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        72087456                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       142304176                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.473257                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506573                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108394839                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    127381684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12757874                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1020572                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    254042154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207666471     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17073387      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7948511      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7814770      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2162525      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8944790      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       681604      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       497477      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1252619      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    254042154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    108394839                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    127381684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             48443339                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            31810612                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8106                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16821431                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       113272895                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1233820                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1252619                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          392928768                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         282415100                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4339080                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              25808261                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         108394839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           127381684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    108394839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.601473                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.601473                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.384398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.384398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      660788565                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     154966949                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     167170172                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        16212                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        19669                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.535406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         231787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        21717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        10.673067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.726121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.539642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1658.212163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         355.057479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.809674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.173368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 36419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19904                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               19904                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  36576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36575                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 36576                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               19655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                19658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19622                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               19658                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16745390306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16826131461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3438435                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3438435                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16748828741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16829569896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16748828741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16829569896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             56074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19904                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           19904                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              56234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             56234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.350108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018750                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.018750                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 853529.247464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 856073.846909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1146145                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1146145                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 853573.985374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 856118.114559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 853573.985374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 856118.114559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks              10580                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                   10580                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           19658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          19658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15022462837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15100042223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3174746                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3174746                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15025637583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15103216969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15025637583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15103216969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.350108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154982.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 765709.915745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768254.501297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1058248.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1058248.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154982.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 765754.641882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768298.757198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154982.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 765754.641882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768298.757198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        36435                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.939300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         205221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        38483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.332770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.555842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     1.817241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1823.462628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         219.103589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.890363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.106984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 42698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13562                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               13562                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  42726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42725                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 42726                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               36388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                36435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36393                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               36435                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67836060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34746410565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34814246625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     70637338                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     70637338                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67836060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34817047903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    34884883963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67836060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34817047903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   34884883963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             79086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13562                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           13562                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              79161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             79161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1615144.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 955989.945661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 956750.759179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1502922.085106                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1502922.085106                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1615144.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 956696.285082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957455.302950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1615144.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 956696.285082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957455.302950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               5727                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    5727                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           36435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          36435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64147916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31554316323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31618464239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     66509536                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66509536                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64147916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31620825859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31684973775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64147916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31620825859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31684973775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1527331.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 868164.758791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868925.586430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1415096.510638                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1415096.510638                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1527331.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 868871.097711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869630.129683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1527331.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 868871.097711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869630.129683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         9087                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.228074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         217928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        11135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        19.571441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.075795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     4.859881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1403.433019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         600.859378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.685270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.293388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 29724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9274                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                9274                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  29949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29947                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 29949                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                9087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 9087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9053                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                9087                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100371258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7332475100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7432846358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100371258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7332475100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     7432846358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100371258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7332475100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    7432846358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        38775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             38811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9274                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            9274                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              39036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             39036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.233475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2952095.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 809949.751464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817964.824254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2952095.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 809949.751464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817964.824254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2952095.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 809949.751464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817964.824254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               4784                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    4784                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            9087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           9087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97386058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6537480559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6634866617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97386058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6537480559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6634866617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97386058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6537480559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6634866617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.233475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2864295.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 722134.160941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730149.292066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2864295.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 722134.160941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730149.292066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2864295.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 722134.160941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730149.292066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         9082                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.228471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         217967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        11130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        19.583738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.077021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     4.861918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1403.298039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         600.991493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.685204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.293453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        29754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 29756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9281                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                9281                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        29979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  29981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        29979                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 29981                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                9082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 9082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9048                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                9082                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99173622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7401858966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7501032588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99173622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7401858966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     7501032588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99173622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7401858966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    7501032588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        38802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             38838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9281                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            9281                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              39063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             39063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.233184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2916871.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 818065.756631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825922.989209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2916871.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 818065.756631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 825922.989209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2916871.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 818065.756631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 825922.989209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               4782                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    4782                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            9082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           9082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96188422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6607244021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6703432443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96188422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6607244021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6703432443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96188422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6607244021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6703432443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.233184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2829071.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 730243.592065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738100.907619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2829071.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 730243.592065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738100.907619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2829071.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 730243.592065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738100.907619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         9085                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.224806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         218009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        11133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        19.582233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.073200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     4.864671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1403.255231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         601.031704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.685183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.293473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        29785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 29787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9292                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                9292                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  30013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30011                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 30013                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                9085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 9085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9051                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                9085                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108233124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7343725429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7451958553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108233124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7343725429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     7451958553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108233124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7343725429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    7451958553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        38836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             38872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9292                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            9292                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        39062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              39098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        39062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             39098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3183327.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 811371.719037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820248.602422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3183327.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 811371.719037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820248.602422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3183327.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 811371.719037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820248.602422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               4783                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    4783                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            9085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           9085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105247924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6548983934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6654231858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105247924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6548983934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6654231858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105247924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6548983934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6654231858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3095527.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 723564.681693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732441.591414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3095527.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 723564.681693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732441.591414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3095527.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 723564.681693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732441.591414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        19123                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.843153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         160691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        21171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         7.590147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.632047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.387852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1673.276915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         343.546340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.817030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.167747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 36232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6523                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                6523                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  36302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36301                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 36302                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               19122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                19122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19088                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               19122                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52839154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15048129466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15100968620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52839154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15048129466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    15100968620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52839154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15048129466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   15100968620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             55354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6523                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            6523                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              55424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             55424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554092.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 788355.483340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 789717.007635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554092.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 788355.483340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 789717.007635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554092.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 788355.483340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 789717.007635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               2546                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    2546                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           19122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          19122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49853954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13371920220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13421774174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49853954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13371920220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13421774174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49853954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13371920220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13421774174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1466292.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 700540.665339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701902.215982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1466292.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 700540.665339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701902.215982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1466292.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 700540.665339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701902.215982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        30916                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.602680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         166157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        32964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.040559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.063446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.687793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1657.821559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         374.029882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.809483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.182632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 38738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8062                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                8062                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  38839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38838                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 38839                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               30879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                30907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30869                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               30907                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54424266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28739523401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28793947667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     26049976                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26049976                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54424266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28765573377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    28819997643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54424266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28765573377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   28819997643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             69617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8062                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            8062                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              69746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             69746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.443258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1432217.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 931860.944879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932476.688591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 930356.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930356.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1432217.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 931859.580064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932474.767625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1432217.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 931859.580064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932474.767625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           30907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          30907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51085953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26030966453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26082052406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23590288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23590288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51085953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26054556741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26105642694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51085953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26054556741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26105642694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.443258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1344367.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 844037.691806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844653.402183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 842510.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842510.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1344367.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 844036.306359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844651.460640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1344367.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 844036.306359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844651.460640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        36530                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.939287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         205412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        38578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         5.324589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.545618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     1.903101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1821.651396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         220.839172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.889478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.107832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        42810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 42811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13640                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               13640                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        42838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  42839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        42838                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 42839                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               36483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                36530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36487                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               36530                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61577607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34432881046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34494458653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     73752542                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73752542                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61577607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34506633588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    34568211195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61577607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34506633588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   34568211195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        79250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             79294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13640                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           13640                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        79325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              79369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        79325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             79369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1432037.372093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 944919.896981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945494.028808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1569203.021277                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1569203.021277                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1432037.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 945724.054814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946296.501369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1432037.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 945724.054814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946296.501369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5729                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5729                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           36530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          36530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57802207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31233226812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31291029019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     69625003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69625003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57802207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31302851815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31360654022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57802207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31302851815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31360654022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1344237.372093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 857113.798353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857687.937368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1481383.042553                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1481383.042553                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1344237.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 857917.938307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858490.392061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1344237.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 857917.938307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858490.392061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        30948                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.613829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         166294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        32996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.039823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.188675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.763005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1661.618193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         370.043956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.811337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.180686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 38868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8069                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                8069                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  38969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38968                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 38969                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               30910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                30938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30900                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               30938                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51207987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28646127125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28697335112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23688780                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     23688780                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51207987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28669815905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    28721023892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51207987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28669815905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   28721023892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             69778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8069                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            8069                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              69907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             69907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1347578.605263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 927899.945744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928415.888450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 846027.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 846027.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1347578.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 927825.757443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 928341.324326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1347578.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 927825.757443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 928341.324326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               4609                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    4609                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           30938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          30938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47871587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25935110116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25982981703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     21229100                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21229100                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47871587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25956339216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26004210803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47871587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25956339216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26004210803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1259778.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 840085.194221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840601.155063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 758182.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758182.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1259778.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 840010.977864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840526.562900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1259778.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 840010.977864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840526.562900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         9075                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.223576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         217930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        11123                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        19.592736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.073266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     4.864679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1403.178176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         601.107455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.002375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.685146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.293509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        29726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 29728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9272                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                9272                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        29952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  29954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        29952                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 29954                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                9075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 9075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9041                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                9075                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89900661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7505770609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7595671270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89900661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7505770609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     7595671270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89900661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7505770609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    7595671270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        38767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             38803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9272                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            9272                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        38993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              39029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        38993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             39029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.233214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.231862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.231862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2644137.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 830192.523946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 836988.569697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2644137.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 830192.523946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 836988.569697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2644137.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 830192.523946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 836988.569697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4778                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4778                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            9075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           9075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86907961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6711343067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6798251028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86907961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6711343067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6798251028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86907961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6711343067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6798251028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.233214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.231862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.231862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2556116.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 742323.091140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749118.570579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2556116.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 742323.091140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749118.570579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2556116.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 742323.091140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749118.570579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        12731                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.448139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         195622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        14779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        13.236484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.951266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     5.048068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1529.280631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         486.168173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.746719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.237387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 30340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                9762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  30504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30502                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 30504                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               12727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                12727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12685                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               12727                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75298952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10338593633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10413892585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75298952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10338593633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    10413892585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75298952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10338593633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   10413892585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             43067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            9762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              43231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             43231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1792832.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 815025.118881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818251.951363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1792832.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 815025.118881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818251.951363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1792832.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 815025.118881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818251.951363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5583                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5583                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           12726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          12726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71611352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9223623591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9295234943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71611352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9223623591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9295234943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71611352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9223623591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9295234943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1705032.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 727185.713576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730412.929672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1705032.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 727185.713576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730412.929672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1705032.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 727185.713576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730412.929672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        19090                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.839859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         160753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        21138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         7.604930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.548373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.424531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1671.341480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         344.525475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.816085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.168225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        36219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 36220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6597                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                6597                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        36291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  36292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        36291                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 36292                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               19089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                19089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19055                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               19089                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60418835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15196943647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15257362482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60418835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15196943647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    15257362482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60418835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15196943647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   15257362482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             55309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6597                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            6597                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              55381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             55381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1777024.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 797530.498399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 799275.105139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1777024.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 797530.498399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 799275.105139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1777024.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 797530.498399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 799275.105139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               2542                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    2542                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           19089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          19089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57432280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13523399134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13580831414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57432280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13523399134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13580831414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57432280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13523399134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13580831414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1689184.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 709703.444450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711448.028393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1689184.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 709703.444450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711448.028393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1689184.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 709703.444450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711448.028393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        36411                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.937970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         205324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        38459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         5.338776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.554810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     1.735462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1818.976905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         223.670793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.888172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.109214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 42748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13614                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               13614                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  42777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42776                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 42777                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               36365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                36411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36372                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               36411                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67749057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34799398830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34867147887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68832640                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     68832640                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67749057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34868231470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    34935980527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67749057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34868231470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   34935980527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        79073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             79113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13614                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           13614                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        79148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              79188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        79148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             79188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.613333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.613333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.459805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.459805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1737155.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 957974.971921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 958810.611495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1496361.739130                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1496361.739130                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1737155.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 958655.874574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 959489.729120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1737155.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 958655.874574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 959489.729120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5724                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5724                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           36411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          36411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64324857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31609141825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31673466682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     64793092                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64793092                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64324857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31673934917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31738259774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64324857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31673934917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31738259774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.613333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1649355.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 870152.007515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870987.671717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1408545.478261                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1408545.478261                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1649355.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 870832.918646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871666.797781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1649355.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 870832.918646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871666.797781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         9085                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.225687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         217977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        11133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        19.579359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.074066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     4.863786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1403.251778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         601.036058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.685182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.293475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        29764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 29766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9281                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                9281                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        29990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  29992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        29990                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 29992                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                9085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 9085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9051                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                9085                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    109520226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7351005568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7460525794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    109520226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7351005568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     7460525794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    109520226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7351005568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    7460525794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        38815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             38851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9281                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            9281                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        39041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              39077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        39041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             39077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.231833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.231833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3221183.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 812176.065407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 821191.611888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3221183.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 812176.065407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 821191.611888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3221183.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 812176.065407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 821191.611888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4783                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4783                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            9085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           9085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106533913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6556127965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6662661878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106533913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6556127965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6662661878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106533913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6556127965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6662661878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.231833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.231833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3133350.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 724353.990167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733369.496753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3133350.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 724353.990167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733369.496753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3133350.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 724353.990167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733369.496753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        19114                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.838866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         160791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        21162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         7.598100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.546007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.400902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1673.281523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         342.610434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.817032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.167290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 36242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6613                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                6613                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  36315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36314                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 36315                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               19113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                19113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19080                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               19113                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55616477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15137476400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15193092877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55616477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15137476400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    15193092877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55616477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15137476400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   15193092877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             55355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6613                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            6613                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              55428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             55428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1685347.787879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 793368.784067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 794908.851410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1685347.787879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 793368.784067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 794908.851410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1685347.787879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 793368.784067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 794908.851410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               2540                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    2540                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           19113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          19113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52719077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13461778329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13514497406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52719077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13461778329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13514497406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52719077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13461778329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13514497406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1597547.787879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 705543.937579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707084.047821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1597547.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 705543.937579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707084.047821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1597547.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 705543.937579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707084.047821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        36541                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.939864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         205419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        38589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.323253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.551065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     1.869430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1824.186938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         218.332431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.890716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.106608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 42812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               13647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  42839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42838                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 42839                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               36493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                36541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36499                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               36541                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75180665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34334589292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34409769957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     78852042                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     78852042                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75180665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34413441334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    34488621999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75180665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34413441334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   34488621999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        79262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             79305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           13647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        79337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              79380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        79337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             79380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.640000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.640000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1790015.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 941938.199007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942914.256351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1642750.875000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1642750.875000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1790015.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 942859.840927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 943833.556799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1790015.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 942859.840927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 943833.556799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5735                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5735                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           36541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          36541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71493065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31133890637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31205383702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     74637642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74637642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71493065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31208528279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31280021344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71493065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31208528279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31280021344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.640000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1702215.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 854129.945324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855106.012167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1554950.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554950.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1702215.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 855051.598099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856025.323445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1702215.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 855051.598099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856025.323445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              518.289020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012177283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1950245.246628                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    36.289020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.058155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12169191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12169191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12169191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12169191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12169191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12169191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12169242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12169242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12169242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12169242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12169242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12169242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56197                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172661897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56453                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3058.507024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.818269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.181731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8583817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8583817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7259330                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7259330                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15843147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15843147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15843147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15843147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       197418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       197418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       197418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       197418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  81235628508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81235628508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3549904259                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3549904259                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84785532767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84785532767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84785532767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84785532767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8775687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8775687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16040565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16040565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16040565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16040565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 423388.901381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423388.901381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 639852.966655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 639852.966655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 429472.149282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429472.149282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 429472.149282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429472.149282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     51744860                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets            93                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 556396.344086                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19904                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           19904                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       135833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       141221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       141221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19303260993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19303260993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13650548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13650548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19316911541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19316911541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19316911541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19316911541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 344473.490604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344473.490604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85315.925000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85315.925000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 343735.636084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343735.636084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 343735.636084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343735.636084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              581.915239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1041143967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1776696.189420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    40.838722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.076517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.065447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11561186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11561186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11561186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11561186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11561186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11561186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101593898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101593898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101593898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101593898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101593898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101593898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11561251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11561251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11561251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11561251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11561251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11561251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1562983.046154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1562983.046154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1562983.046154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1562983.046154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1562983.046154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1562983.046154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68251902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68251902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68251902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68251902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68251902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68251902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1587253.534884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1587253.534884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1587253.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1587253.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1587253.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1587253.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                79118                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              448393368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                79374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5649.121476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.910123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.089877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     30261712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30261712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16571224                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16571224                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8086                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8086                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     46832936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       46832936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     46832936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      46832936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       290483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       290483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 143832200984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 143832200984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    274635386                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    274635386                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 144106836370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 144106836370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 144106836370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 144106836370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     30551892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30551892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16571527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16571527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8102                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8102                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8086                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8086                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     47123419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47123419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     47123419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47123419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 495665.452423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 495665.452423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 906387.412541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 906387.412541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 496093.872516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 496093.872516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 496093.872516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 496093.872516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1278743                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1278743                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           13562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       211137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       211365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       211365                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211365                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        79043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        79118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        79118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  37964493683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37964493683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     72874495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72874495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  38037368178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38037368178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  38037368178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38037368178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 480301.781094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480301.781094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 971659.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 971659.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 480767.564625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480767.564625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 480767.564625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480767.564625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              489.715953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1015012694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2067235.629328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    34.715953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.055635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13223736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13223736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13223736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13223736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13223736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13223736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    146418870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146418870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    146418870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146418870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    146418870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146418870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13223782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13223782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13223782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13223782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13223782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13223782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3183018.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3183018.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3183018.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3183018.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3183018.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3183018.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3236658                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 809164.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100808163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100808163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100808163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100808163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100808163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100808163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2800226.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800226.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2800226.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800226.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2800226.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800226.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                39000                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              165459642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                39256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4214.887966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.560823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.439177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     10547174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10547174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7835806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7835806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20647                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20647                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19057                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19057                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18382980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       18382980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18382980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      18382980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       100574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       102848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       102848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       102848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       102848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22446430617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22446430617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    146916771                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146916771                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22593347388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22593347388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22593347388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22593347388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     10647748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10647748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7838080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7838080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        20647                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20647                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        19057                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19057                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18485828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18485828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18485828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18485828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 223183.234405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223183.234405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64607.199208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64607.199208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 219677.070901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219677.070901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 219677.070901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219677.070901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           23                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           23                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9274                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            9274                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        61799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        63848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        63848                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63848                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9340397208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9340397208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     16419235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16419235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9356816443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9356816443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9356816443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9356816443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240887.097563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.097563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 72974.377778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72974.377778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239918.370333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239918.370333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239918.370333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239918.370333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              489.715011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1015007213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2067224.466395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    34.715011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.055633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13218255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13218255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13218255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13218255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13218255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13218255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    145641815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145641815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    145641815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145641815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    145641815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145641815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13218301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13218301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13218301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13218301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13218301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13218301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3166126.413043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3166126.413043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3166126.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3166126.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3166126.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3166126.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2576006                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 858668.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99604263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99604263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99604263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99604263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99604263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99604263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2766785.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2766785.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2766785.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2766785.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2766785.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2766785.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                39027                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              165451442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                39283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4211.782247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.558462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.441538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     10542183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10542183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7832867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7832867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20383                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20383                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19051                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19051                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     18375050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       18375050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     18375050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      18375050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       100528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       102802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       102802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       102802                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       102802                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22568904496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22568904496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    146818370                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146818370                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22715722866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22715722866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22715722866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22715722866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     10642711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10642711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7835141                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7835141                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        20383                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20383                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18477852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18477852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18477852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18477852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 224503.665606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224503.665606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64563.927001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64563.927001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 220965.767845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220965.767845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 220965.767845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220965.767845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           30                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           10                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            9281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        61726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        63775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        63775                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63775                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9411858229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9411858229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     16417059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16417059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9428275288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9428275288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9428275288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9428275288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 242561.162543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242561.162543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 72964.706667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72964.706667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 241583.398365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241583.398365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 241583.398365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241583.398365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              489.715420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1015013849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2067237.981670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    34.715420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.055634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13224891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13224891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13224891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13224891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13224891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13224891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    155842589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155842589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    155842589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    155842589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    155842589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    155842589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13224938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13224938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13224938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13224938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13224938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13224938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3315799.765957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3315799.765957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3315799.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3315799.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3315799.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3315799.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3243239                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 810809.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108644624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108644624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108644624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108644624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108644624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108644624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3017906.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3017906.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3017906.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3017906.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3017906.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3017906.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                39062                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              165459869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                39318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4208.247342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.557634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.442366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.912335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.087665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     10547830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10547830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7835797                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7835797                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19057                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19057                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     18383627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       18383627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     18383627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      18383627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       100518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       102810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       102810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       102810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       102810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22445428294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22445428294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    147587202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147587202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22593015496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22593015496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22593015496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22593015496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     10648348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10648348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7838089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7838089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        20227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19057                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19057                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     18486437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18486437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     18486437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18486437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 223297.601365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223297.601365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64392.321990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64392.321990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 219755.038381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219755.038381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 219755.038381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219755.038381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           36                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            9                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        61682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        63748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        63748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        39062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        39062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9355691669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9355691669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16498389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16498389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9372190058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9372190058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9372190058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9372190058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 240902.556108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240902.556108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 73001.721239                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73001.721239                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 239931.136603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239931.136603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 239931.136603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239931.136603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              558.508449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              931091087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1656745.706406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.319045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.189404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.053396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12393904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12393904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12393904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12393904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12393904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12393904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61772065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61772065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61772065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61772065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61772065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61772065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12393955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12393955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12393955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12393955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12393955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12393955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1211216.960784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1211216.960784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1211216.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1211216.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1211216.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1211216.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53203136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53203136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53203136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53203136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53203136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53203136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1520089.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520089.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1520089.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520089.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1520089.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520089.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                55389                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              224797975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                55645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4039.859376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   203.200116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    52.799884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.793750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.206250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     18201854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18201854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3510013                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3510013                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8237                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8237                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21711867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       21711867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21711867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      21711867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       195439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       195738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       195738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       195738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       195738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  86623356807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86623356807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     25758119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25758119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  86649114926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  86649114926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  86649114926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  86649114926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18397293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18397293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3510312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3510312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8237                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8237                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21907605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21907605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21907605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21907605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 443224.519195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443224.519195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86147.555184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86147.555184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442679.065516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442679.065516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442679.065516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442679.065516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6523                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6523                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17581820695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17581820695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4554803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4554803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17586375498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17586375498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17586375498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17586375498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 317826.075941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317826.075941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 65068.614286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65068.614286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 317506.643882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317506.643882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 317506.643882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317506.643882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              527.673878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1016287654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1921148.684310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.673878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11829609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11829609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11829609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11829609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11829609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11829609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82724664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82724664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82724664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82724664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82724664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82724664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11829670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11829670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11829670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11829670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11829670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11829670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1356142.032787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1356142.032787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1356142.032787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1356142.032787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1356142.032787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1356142.032787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54806212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54806212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54806212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54806212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54806212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54806212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1405287.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1405287.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1405287.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1405287.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1405287.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1405287.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                69706                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              180674983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                69962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2582.473100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.120562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.879438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8193437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8193437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6786118                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6786118                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19530                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19530                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14979555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       14979555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14979555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      14979555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       182073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          907                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          907                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       182980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       182980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       182980                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       182980                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  79976600516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79976600516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    348151203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    348151203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  80324751719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80324751719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  80324751719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80324751719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8375510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8375510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6787025                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6787025                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19530                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19530                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        15833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15162535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15162535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15162535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15162535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 439255.685994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439255.685994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 383849.176406                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 383849.176406                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438981.045573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438981.045573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438981.045573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438981.045573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8062                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8062                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       112495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       113273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       113273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       113273                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       113273                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31539482846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31539482846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     32808790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32808790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31572291636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31572291636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31572291636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31572291636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453296.772629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453296.772629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 254331.705426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254331.705426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452928.567231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452928.567231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452928.567231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452928.567231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              581.916959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1041176481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1773724.839864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    41.582981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   540.333979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.066639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.865920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11593700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11593700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11593700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11593700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11593700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11593700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86225384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86225384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86225384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86225384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86225384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86225384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11593760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11593760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11593760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11593760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11593760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11593760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1437089.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1437089.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1437089.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1437089.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1437089.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1437089.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61999549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61999549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61999549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61999549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61999549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61999549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1409080.659091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1409080.659091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1409080.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1409080.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1409080.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1409080.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                79325                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              448506237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                79581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5635.845704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.910057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.089943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     30333224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30333224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16612545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16612545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8106                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8106                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     46945769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       46945769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     46945769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      46945769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       290848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       291134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       291134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       291134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       291134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 142840745079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 142840745079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    267468197                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    267468197                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 143108213276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 143108213276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 143108213276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 143108213276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     30624072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30624072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16612831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16612831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8106                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8106                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     47236903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47236903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     47236903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47236903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491118.196030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491118.196030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 935203.486014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935203.486014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491554.450102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491554.450102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491554.450102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491554.450102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           13640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       211598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       211809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       211809                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211809                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        79250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        79325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        79325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  37659348338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37659348338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     75987846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75987846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  37735336184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37735336184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  37735336184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37735336184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475196.824454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475196.824454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1013171.280000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013171.280000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475705.467179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475705.467179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475705.467179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475705.467179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              527.227995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1016306933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1921185.128544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.227995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.059660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11848888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11848888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11848888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11848888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11848888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11848888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72437971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72437971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72437971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72437971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72437971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72437971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11848943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11848943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11848943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11848943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11848943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11848943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1317054.018182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1317054.018182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1317054.018182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1317054.018182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1317054.018182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1317054.018182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51608332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51608332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51608332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51608332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51608332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51608332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1323290.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1323290.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1323290.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1323290.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1323290.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1323290.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                69868                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              180701951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                70124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2576.891663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.135941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.864059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8208494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8208494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6797872                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6797872                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15860                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15860                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15006366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15006366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15006366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15006366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       182448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          928                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          928                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       183376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       183376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       183376                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       183376                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  80037662870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80037662870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    336993305                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    336993305                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  80374656175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80374656175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  80374656175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80374656175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8390942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8390942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6798800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6798800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15860                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15860                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15189742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15189742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15189742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15189742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 438687.532174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438687.532174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 363139.337284                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 363139.337284                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 438305.209924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438305.209924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 438305.209924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438305.209924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       112709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       113508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       113508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       113508                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       113508                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        69739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        69868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        69868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31455738507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31455738507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     30434351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30434351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31486172858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31486172858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31486172858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31486172858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 451049.463098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451049.463098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 235925.201550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235925.201550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 450652.270825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450652.270825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 450652.270825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450652.270825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              489.714835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1014995632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2067200.879837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.714835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.055633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13206674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13206674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13206674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13206674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13206674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13206674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    132515648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    132515648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    132515648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    132515648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    132515648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    132515648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13206720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13206720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13206720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13206720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13206720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13206720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2880774.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2880774.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2880774.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2880774.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2880774.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2880774.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1953165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       651055                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90326732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90326732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90326732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90326732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90326732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90326732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2509075.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2509075.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2509075.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2509075.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2509075.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2509075.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                38993                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              165438376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                39249                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4215.097862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.560913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.439087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.912347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.087653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     10535067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10535067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7826900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7826900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20414                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20414                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19037                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19037                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     18361967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       18361967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     18361967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      18361967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       100350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       102642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       102642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       102642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       102642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22772167285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22772167285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    147756380                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147756380                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22919923665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22919923665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22919923665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22919923665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     10635417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10635417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7829192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7829192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        20414                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20414                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19037                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19037                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18464609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18464609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18464609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18464609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 226927.426856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226927.426856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64466.134380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64466.134380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223299.659642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223299.659642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223299.659642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223299.659642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           15                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            9272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        61583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        63649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        63649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        38767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        38993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        38993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9513921217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9513921217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16503917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16503917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9530425134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9530425134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9530425134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9530425134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245412.882529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245412.882529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73026.181416                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73026.181416                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244413.744364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244413.744364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244413.744364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244413.744364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              517.870511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1011551174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1949038.870906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    42.870511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.068703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12855339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12855339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12855339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12855339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12855339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12855339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105008625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105008625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105008625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105008625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105008625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105008625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12855400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12855400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12855400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12855400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12855400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12855400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1721452.868852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1721452.868852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1721452.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1721452.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1721452.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1721452.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75789761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75789761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75789761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75789761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75789761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75789761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1722494.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1722494.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1722494.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1722494.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1722494.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1722494.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                43187                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              167233354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                43443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3849.489078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.436296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.563704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.911861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8850851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8850851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7449651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7449651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17937                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17937                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16300502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       16300502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16300502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      16300502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       138158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       139131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       139131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       139131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       139131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  46305456802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46305456802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     81836022                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81836022                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  46387292824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46387292824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  46387292824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46387292824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8989009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8989009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7450624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7450624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17937                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17937                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16439633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16439633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16439633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16439633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335163.051014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335163.051014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84106.908530                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84106.908530                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 333407.312705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333407.312705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 333407.312705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333407.312705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        95135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        95944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        95944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        95944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        95944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12421781196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12421781196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10570116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10570116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12432351312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12432351312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12432351312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12432351312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 288724.198591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288724.198591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64451.926829                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64451.926829                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287872.538310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287872.538310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287872.538310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287872.538310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              558.429756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              931071949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1656711.653025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.239918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.189838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12374766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12374766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12374766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12374766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12374766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12374766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     70001454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70001454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     70001454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70001454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     70001454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70001454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12374817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12374817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12374817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12374817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12374817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12374817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1372577.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1372577.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1372577.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1372577.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1372577.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1372577.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60813970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60813970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60813970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60813970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60813970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60813970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1737542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1737542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1737542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1737542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1737542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1737542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                55346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              224766681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                55602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4042.420794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   202.773832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    53.226168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.792085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.207915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18177221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18177221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3503404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3503404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8220                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8220                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21680625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       21680625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21680625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      21680625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       195137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       195456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       195456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       195456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       195456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  87596704874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  87596704874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     27774503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27774503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  87624479377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87624479377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  87624479377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87624479377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18372358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18372358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3503723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3503723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8220                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8220                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21876081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21876081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21876081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21876081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 448898.491183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448898.491183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87067.407524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87067.407524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 448307.953591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448307.953591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 448307.953591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448307.953591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       139862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       140109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       140109                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140109                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17730091192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17730091192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4732568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4732568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17734823760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17734823760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17734823760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17734823760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320761.486965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320761.486965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 65730.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65730.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320429.720852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320429.720852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320429.720852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320429.720852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              578.427734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1041140764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1785833.214408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.254133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   540.173600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.061305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.865663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11557983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11557983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11557983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11557983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11557983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11557983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93572030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93572030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93572030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93572030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93572030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93572030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11558045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11558045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11558045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11558045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11558045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11558045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1509226.290323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1509226.290323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1509226.290323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1509226.290323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1509226.290323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1509226.290323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68137799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68137799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68137799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68137799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68137799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68137799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1703444.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1703444.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1703444.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1703444.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1703444.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1703444.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                79148                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              448404375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                79404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              5647.125775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.910729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.089271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     30272801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30272801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16571138                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16571138                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8106                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8106                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8086                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8086                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     46843939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       46843939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     46843939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      46843939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       290210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       290509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       290509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       290509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       290509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 144122903348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 144122903348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    269990638                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    269990638                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 144392893986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 144392893986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 144392893986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 144392893986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     30563011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30563011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16571437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16571437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8106                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8106                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8086                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8086                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     47134448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47134448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     47134448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47134448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 496615.910368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 496615.910368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 902978.722408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 902978.722408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 497034.150357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 497034.150357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 497034.150357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 497034.150357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       638023                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       638023                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           13614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       211137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       211361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       211361                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211361                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        79073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        79148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        79148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  38020844927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38020844927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     71140204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71140204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  38091985131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38091985131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  38091985131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38091985131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 480832.204760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480832.204760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 948536.053333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 948536.053333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 481275.397117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481275.397117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 481275.397117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481275.397117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              489.714991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1015010802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2067231.775967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    34.714991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.055633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13221844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13221844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13221844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13221844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13221844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13221844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    159087361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159087361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    159087361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    159087361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    159087361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    159087361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13221891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13221891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13221891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13221891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13221891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13221891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3384837.468085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3384837.468085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3384837.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3384837.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3384837.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3384837.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3245099                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 811274.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    109941089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109941089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    109941089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109941089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    109941089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109941089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3053919.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3053919.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3053919.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3053919.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3053919.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3053919.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                39041                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              165459087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                39297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4210.476296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.556175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.443825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     10548164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10548164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7834684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7834684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19055                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19055                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     18382848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       18382848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     18382848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      18382848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       100483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       102775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       102775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       102775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       102775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22503324154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22503324154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    147690140                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147690140                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22651014294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22651014294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22651014294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22651014294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     10648647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10648647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7836976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7836976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        20226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19055                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19055                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18485623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18485623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18485623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18485623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 223951.555527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223951.555527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64437.233857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64437.233857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 220394.203785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220394.203785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 220394.203785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220394.203785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            9281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        61668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        63734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        63734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        39041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        39041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9361649922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9361649922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16501619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16501619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9378151541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9378151541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9378151541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9378151541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 241186.395002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241186.395002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 73016.013274                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73016.013274                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 240212.892626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240212.892626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 240212.892626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240212.892626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              558.197039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              931083265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1659684.964349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    32.163680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.033359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.051544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12386082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12386082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12386082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12386082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12386082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12386082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64512058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64512058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64512058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64512058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64512058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64512058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12386132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12386132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12386132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12386132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12386132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12386132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1290241.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1290241.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1290241.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1290241.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1290241.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1290241.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55989031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55989031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55989031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55989031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55989031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55989031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1646736.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1646736.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1646736.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1646736.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1646736.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1646736.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                55394                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              224784328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                55650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4039.251177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   203.156073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    52.843927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.793578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.206422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     18191038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18191038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3507204                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3507204                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8301                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8301                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21698242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       21698242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21698242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      21698242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       195326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          327                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          327                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       195653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       195653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       195653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       195653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  87178365442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  87178365442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     28219370                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28219370                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  87206584812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87206584812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  87206584812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87206584812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18386364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18386364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3507531                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3507531                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8301                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8301                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21893895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21893895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21893895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21893895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 446322.381260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446322.381260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86297.767584                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86297.767584                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 445720.662663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445720.662663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 445720.662663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445720.662663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6613                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6613                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       140005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       140259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       140259                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140259                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17671953798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17671953798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4744957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4744957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17676698755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17676698755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17676698755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17676698755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 319443.860342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319443.860342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64999.410959                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64999.410959                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 319108.545240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319108.545240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 319108.545240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319108.545240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              581.476875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1041178669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1776755.407850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    40.439894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.036982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.064808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11595888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11595888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11595888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11595888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11595888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11595888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     97274983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97274983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     97274983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97274983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     97274983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97274983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11595954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11595954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11595954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11595954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11595954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11595954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1473863.378788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1473863.378788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1473863.378788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1473863.378788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1473863.378788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1473863.378788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75594307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75594307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75594307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75594307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75594307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75594307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1758007.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1758007.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1758007.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1758007.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1758007.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1758007.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                79337                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              448529814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                79593                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              5635.292224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.909247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.090753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     30353355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30353355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16615987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16615987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8106                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8106                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     46969342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       46969342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     46969342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      46969342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       291005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       291299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       291299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       291299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       291299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 142539565785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 142539565785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    301150894                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    301150894                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 142840716679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 142840716679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 142840716679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 142840716679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     30644360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30644360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16616281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16616281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8122                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8122                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8106                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8106                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     47260641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47260641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     47260641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47260641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 489818.270425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489818.270425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1024322.768707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1024322.768707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 490357.730988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490357.730988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 490357.730988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490357.730988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       622426                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       622426                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           13647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       211743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       211962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       211962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        79262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        79337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        79337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  37561010462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37561010462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     81065626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81065626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  37642076088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37642076088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  37642076088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37642076088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 473884.212637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473884.212637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1080875.013333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1080875.013333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 474458.021957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474458.021957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 474458.021957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474458.021957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
