
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119819                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119819420163                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               685117851990                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 316234                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   403741                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2030486                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67631984                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59010.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 18661020863                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23824824681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2713472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4511744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1613568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1607424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1602944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1566848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2738048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2719488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1620736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2743552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4126336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4532352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1589376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2761600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2749952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4554240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             43829376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9610368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9610368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        21199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        35248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        12606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        12558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        12523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        12241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        21391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        21246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        12662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        21434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        32237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        35409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        12417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        21575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        21484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        35580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                342417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           75081                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                75081                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        37390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     22646346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     37654530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13466665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13415388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        40594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13377998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        43799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13076745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        35253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     22851454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        37390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     22696555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13526488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        37390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     22897390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        40594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     34437957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        44868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     37826523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13264761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        37390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23048017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        37390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     22950804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        39526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     38009197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               365795260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        37390                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        40594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        43799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        35253                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        37390                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        37390                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        40594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        44868                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        37390                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        37390                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        39526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             648442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          80207098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               80207098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          80207098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        37390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     22646346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        40594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     37654530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        43799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13466665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        42731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13415388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        40594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13377998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        43799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13076745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        35253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     22851454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        37390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     22696555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        47004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13526488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        37390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     22897390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        40594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     34437957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        44868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     37826523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        42731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13264761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        37390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23048017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        37390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     22950804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        39526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     38009197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              446002359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              287336740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21811436                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19469049                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1741068                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14482406                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14210655                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310661                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52069                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230410210                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123939624                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21811436                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15521316                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27623398                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5725301                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3430462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13944631                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1709003                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    265438556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      237815158     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4204987      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2135388      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4158888      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1334116      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3840977      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         607851      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         988286      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10352905      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    265438556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075909                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.431339                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      228055045                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5838395                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27568722                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22313                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3954077                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2064511                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138664477                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38436                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3954077                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228322152                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3430457                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1577168                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27314007                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       840691                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138463780                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       106972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       652727                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181492899                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627616773                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627616773                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034306                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34458567                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18587                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9398                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1912182                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24953041                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4066133                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26620                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       926801                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137750036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18651                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128941956                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82144                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24979830                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51171700                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265438556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208924028     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17795062      6.70%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18893175      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10974026      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5679785      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1421137      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1678862      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39379      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33102      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265438556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215557     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87920     23.36%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72906     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101126139     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012965      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22761871     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4031791      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128941956                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.448749                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376383                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002919                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523780994                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162748852                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125657032                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129318339                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101065                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5114975                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          347                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100188                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3954077                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2422278                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103190                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137768773                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24953041                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066133                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9393                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        45811                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2460                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          347                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172798                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672326                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1845124                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127307405                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22440100                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1634550                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26471700                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19340034                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4031600                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.443060                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125685341                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125657032                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76024436                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165711351                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.437316                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458776                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615979                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25158312                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18534                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1730194                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261484479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219526715     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16500599      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10569395      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3351768      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5531388      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080305      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686169      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627925      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610215      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261484479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267929                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3610215                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          395648178                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279505840                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5130617                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              21898184                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615979                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.873367                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.873367                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.348024                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.348024                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591700116                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163748561                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147213268                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              287336740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       22341769                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20159344                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1169973                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8465685                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7992399                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1237379                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52055                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236968992                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            140587531                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          22341769                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9229778                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            27803423                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       3668763                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      5769085                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13600490                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1176211                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    273011036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      245207613     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         992918      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2027215      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         857268      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        4623062      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        4111456      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         800109      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1665947      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       12725448      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    273011036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077755                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.489278                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      235645625                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      7106600                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        27702468                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        87255                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      2469083                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1961825                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          455                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    164859295                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2425                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      2469083                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      235884087                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       5147774                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1210642                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        27567269                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       732176                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    164774849                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          132                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       311811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       265957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4605                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    193431951                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    776152674                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    776152674                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    171738821                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       21693118                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        19139                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9662                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1849417                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     38894515                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     19680249                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179120                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       954509                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        164454380                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19199                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       158189712                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81632                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12565185                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30080200                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          101                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273011036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216829998     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16803413      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13807507      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5969931      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7571191      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7335175      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4160893      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       327929      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204999      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273011036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        399948     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3122389     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90231      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99217087     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1381389      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9474      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37944204     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19637558     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    158189712                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.550538                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3612568                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593084660                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177042800                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156844235                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    161802280                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       283933                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1480399                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          658                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4044                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117486                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14014                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      2469083                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       4733353                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       208084                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164473670                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1497                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38894515                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19680249                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9665                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142306                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           85                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4044                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       684560                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       688360                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1372920                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157085043                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37815671                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1104669                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           57451700                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       20580230                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         19636029                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.546693                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            156849031                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           156844235                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        84698948                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       166839117                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.545855                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127477847                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    149808301                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14681688                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19098                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1195835                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270541953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216241542     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19799283      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9290880      3.43%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9195292      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2499780      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10700098      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       797943      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582966      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1434169      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270541953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    127477847                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    149808301                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             56976872                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            37414109                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              9534                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         19782338                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       133216040                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1450954                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1434169                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          433597383                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         331449340                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               5195721                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              14325704                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         127477847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           149808301                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    127477847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.254013                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.254013                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.443653                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.443653                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      776635879                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     182118874                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     196355641                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        19068                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              287336740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       26006368                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21656747                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2367027                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10002388                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9530699                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2795989                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109807                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226402817                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            142702145                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          26006368                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     12326688                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            29744800                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6576588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      7839979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        14059399                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2262833                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    268175625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      238430825     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1825373      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2305770      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3660973      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1531555      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1974670      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2304309      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1050186      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       15091964      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    268175625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090508                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.496637                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      225069488                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      9301396                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        29602142                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        15376                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      4187218                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3954463                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          813                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    174388966                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         3480                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      4187218                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      225299249                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        733093                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      7927362                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        29388050                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       640643                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    173316416                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        92364                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       446915                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    242049238                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    805972180                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    805972180                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    202701465                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       39347766                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        42055                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21973                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2247097                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     16214089                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      8490654                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        99976                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1978202                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        169216330                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42208                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       162424228                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160182                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20402594                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41371505                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1703                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268175625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199329680     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31384170     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12891180      4.81%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7186352      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9722936      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2997194      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2951744      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1588488      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123881      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268175625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1118246     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149349     10.58%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144210     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136819918     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2224395      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20081      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14896723      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8463111      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    162424228                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.565275                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1411806                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008692                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594596069                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189662012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158199373                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    163836034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       121820                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3023692                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          884                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114676                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           96                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      4187218                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        557255                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70103                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169258541                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       131198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16214089                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8490654                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21974                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60951                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          884                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1405425                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1324022                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2729447                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159594397                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14655625                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2829831                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           23117912                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       22562888                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          8462287                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.555426                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            158199926                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           158199373                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        94793802                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       254530552                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.550571                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372426                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    117953337                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    145342943                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23916234                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40505                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2387059                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    263988407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202486684     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31163638     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11311992      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5645696      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5151584      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2169835      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2143628      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1021846      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2893504      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    263988407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    117953337                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    145342943                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             21566375                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            13190397                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             20206                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         21061188                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       130856406                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2998924                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2893504                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          430353261                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         342705614                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3432060                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              19161115                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         117953337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           145342943                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    117953337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.436020                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.436020                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.410506                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.410506                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      718188653                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     221026491                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     161347707                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        40472                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              287336734                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       26006913                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21655256                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2365687                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10049287                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9531387                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2796552                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110147                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226434436                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            142715451                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          26006913                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     12327939                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            29749294                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6569241                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      7882561                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        14059451                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2261477                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    268248378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      238499084     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1826375      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2307108      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3663739      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1530873      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1973092      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        2304008      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1052036      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       15092063      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    268248378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090510                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.496684                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      225101926                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      9343081                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        29606510                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        15538                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      4181318                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3956350                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          769                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    174403064                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         3814                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      4181318                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      225332027                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        733589                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      7968191                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        29392167                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       641076                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    173328393                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        92609                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       447028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    242084006                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    806026856                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    806026856                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    202774416                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       39309590                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        42144                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22055                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2252332                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     16211833                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      8492872                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100318                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1978398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        169243852                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42298                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       162459912                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160154                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20375815                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41312936                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1777                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268248378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199384125     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31392890     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12899936      4.81%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7185452      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9720631      3.62%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3000156      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2952641      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1588732      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123815      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268248378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1119524     79.22%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149312     10.57%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144296     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136849795     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2225151      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20088      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14899413      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8465465      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    162459912                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.565399                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1413133                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008698                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594741489                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189662832                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158241523                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    163873045                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       122366                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3016743                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          872                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       113911                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      4181318                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        557262                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70179                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169286156                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       133441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16211833                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8492872                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22056                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61035                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           72                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          872                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1404533                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1322099                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2726632                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159634232                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14657752                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2825680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           23122416                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       22571949                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          8464664                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.555565                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            158242057                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           158241523                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        94818669                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       254577550                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.550718                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372455                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    117995729                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    145395091                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23891765                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40521                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2385732                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264067060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202544081     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31173514     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11314990      4.28%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5649226      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5153326      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2171202      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2144141      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022881      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2893699      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264067060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    117995729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    145395091                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             21574051                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            13195090                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             20214                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         21068726                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       130903355                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2999992                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2893699                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          430459398                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         342755063                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3431132                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              19088356                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         117995729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           145395091                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    117995729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.435145                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.435145                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.410653                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.410653                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      718359407                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     221089591                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     161366741                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        40488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              287336740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       26015997                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21659490                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2365197                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9993427                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9526706                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2796640                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110337                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226437539                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            142769938                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          26015997                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     12323346                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            29749315                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6573570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      7858946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        14060582                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2260745                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    268232687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      238483372     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1825647      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2298554      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3658631      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1531475      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1973170      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        2307085      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1056925      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       15097828      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    268232687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090542                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.496873                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      225102138                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      9322646                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        29606516                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        15301                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      4186081                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3961197                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          807                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    174468947                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         3890                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      4186081                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      225332125                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        732896                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      7947663                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        29392064                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       641848                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    173395486                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        92279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       447829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    242145582                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    806323160                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    806323160                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    202767050                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       39378529                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        42039                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21951                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2254345                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     16215880                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      8500603                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100575                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1979744                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        169304830                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42193                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       162504042                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       161254                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20409894                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41394646                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1676                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268232687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199361823     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31388208     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12898279      4.81%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7190102      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9724437      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3004952      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2952137      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1588352      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124397      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268232687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1119103     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149829     10.60%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144239     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136885868     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2225366      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20087      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14899464      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8473257      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    162504042                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.565553                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1413172                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008696                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594815197                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189757797                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158279922                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    163917214                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       121882                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3021239                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          884                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       121945                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      4186081                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        555895                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70452                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169347029                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       131898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16215880                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8500603                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21952                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61314                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           73                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          884                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1402513                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1326472                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2728985                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159673620                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14658199                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2830422                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           23130795                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       22575972                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          8472596                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.555702                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            158280339                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           158279922                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        94830984                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       254634957                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.550852                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372419                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    117991437                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    145389894                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23957812                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40517                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2385220                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264046606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202528721     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31169405     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11314751      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5649167      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5152227      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2170925      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2144612      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022103      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2894695      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264046606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    117991437                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    145389894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             21573298                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            13194640                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             20212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         21067991                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       130898687                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2999898                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2894695                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          430498798                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         342881538                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3430171                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              19104053                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         117991437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           145389894                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    117991437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.435234                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.435234                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.410638                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.410638                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      718527590                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     221122247                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     161428628                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        40484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              287336740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       26013508                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21662920                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2366861                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10017581                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9535143                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2796771                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110297                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226483724                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            142752867                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          26013508                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     12331914                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            29755624                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       6572914                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      7843021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        14063404                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2262379                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    268266878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      238511254     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1825642      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2309882      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3663936      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1531470      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1970915      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2305589      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1050086      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       15098104      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    268266878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090533                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.496814                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      225149519                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      9305752                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        29612440                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        15461                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      4183701                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3955247                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          808                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    174440167                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         3961                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      4183701                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      225379662                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        734290                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      7929487                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        29397815                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       641913                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    173364862                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        92381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       447606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    242139722                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    806199650                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    806199650                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    202808181                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       39331541                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        42018                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21926                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2254964                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     16212483                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      8493677                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        99420                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1975244                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        169274141                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       162491067                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       159602                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20384978                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41304798                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1641                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268266878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199392290     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31395943     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12897861      4.81%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7191337      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9724737      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2999198      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2952043      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1589557      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123912      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268266878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1119686     79.24%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149188     10.56%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144245     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136878938     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2226112      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20091      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14899334      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8466592      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    162491067                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.565507                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1413120                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008697                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594821734                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189702149                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158272413                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    163904187                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       121444                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3015141                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          865                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       113309                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          100                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      4183701                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        557234                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70322                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169316312                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       132433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16212483                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8493677                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21927                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61285                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           73                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          865                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1406841                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1323773                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2730614                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159664946                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14659672                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2826121                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           23125624                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       22575163                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          8465952                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.555672                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            158272838                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           158272413                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        94846746                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       254651942                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.550826                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372456                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118015433                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    145419467                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23897504                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40528                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2386915                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264083177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202550573     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31179349     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11314814      4.28%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5651580      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5152804      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2172090      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2144556      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022540      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2894871      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264083177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    118015433                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    145419467                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             21577710                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            13197342                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             20218                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         21072288                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       130925311                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      3000512                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2894871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          430504458                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         342817680                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3433586                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              19069862                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         118015433                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           145419467                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    118015433                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.434739                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.434739                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.410722                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.410722                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      718505939                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     221135113                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     161406924                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        40494                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              287336740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       21812924                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19469672                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739023                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14472031                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14211231                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311105                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52045                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230389029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            123947492                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          21812924                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     15522336                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            27623595                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5720260                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3443997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles           13                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           59                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13941837                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707002                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    265428140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      237804545     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        4205790      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2133964      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        4159614      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1333618      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3840877      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         607583      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         989419      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10352730      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    265428140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075914                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.431367                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      228036782                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5848832                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        27569034                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        22421                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3951067                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      2064813                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        20382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    138668274                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        38383                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3951067                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      228303398                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       3437054                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1581092                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        27314641                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       840884                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    138469028                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       107487                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       652347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    181493366                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    627637981                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    627637981                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    147070812                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       34422431                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        18608                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9417                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1912687                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     24957155                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      4067799                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26567                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       928273                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        137759733                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18674                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       128958503                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82111                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24960933                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51135315                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265428140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098708                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208907736     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17791559      6.70%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18901163      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10975605      4.14%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5679913      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420818      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1678648      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39411      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33287      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265428140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215524     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87862     23.35%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72968     19.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101134156     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013282      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9192      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22768336     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4033537      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    128958503                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.448806                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376354                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002918                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523803611                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162739676                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125678132                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    129334857                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102811                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5113598                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          346                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100990                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3951067                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2430280                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103473                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137778509                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24957155                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067799                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9413                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46158                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2500                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          346                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171088                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672266                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1843354                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127328919                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22447684                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1629584                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 102                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           26481031                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       19344661                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          4033347                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.443135                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            125706955                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           125678132                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        76038067                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       165715654                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.437390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.458847                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100025575                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    112644286                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25139648                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18539                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1728160                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261477073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219511061     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16501262      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10572180      4.04%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3354101      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5532867      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080063      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686029      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627676      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611834      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261477073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    100025575                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    112644286                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             23810334                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            19843525                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17272297                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        98460780                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1412433                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3611834                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          395648796                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         279522188                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               5130023                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              21908600                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         100025575                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           112644286                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    100025575                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.872633                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.872633                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.348113                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.348113                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      591806053                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     163769426                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     147229735                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        18522                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              287336740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       21813669                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19470745                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1741290                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14453110                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14210124                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310909                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52271                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230404229                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            123949908                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          21813669                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     15521033                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            27622843                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5726540                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      3439929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13944716                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1709330                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    265442489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      237819646     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        4204235      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2132670      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        4158051      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1336868      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3840682      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         608957      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         989174      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10352206      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    265442489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075917                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.431375                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      228044626                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      5852328                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        27568147                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        22287                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3955097                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      2064623                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        20361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    138672533                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        38194                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3955097                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      228312248                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       3449441                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1571448                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        27312839                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       841412                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    138472056                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          232                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       106883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       653497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    181498657                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    627651537                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    627651537                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    147039855                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       34458782                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        18612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9423                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1913341                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     24956666                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      4067029                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        25876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       926142                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        137759829                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18673                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       128947418                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82298                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24984612                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51193390                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          140                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265442489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208927935     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17794795      6.70%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18890491      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10976798      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5679512      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420662      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1679474      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39531      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33291      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265442489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215342     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88027     23.39%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72943     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101127529     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012925      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22765158     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032616      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    128947418                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.448768                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376312                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002918                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523795935                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162763445                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125664320                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    129323730                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102131                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5117198                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          339                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101081                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3955097                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2439973                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103468                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137778600                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18331                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24956666                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067029                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9416                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46067                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2463                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          339                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172682                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       673720                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1846402                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127316250                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22444876                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1631168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           26477306                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19342155                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          4032430                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.443091                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            125693225                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           125664320                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        76027536                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       165704908                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.437342                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.458813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100004699                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    112620678                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25163447                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18533                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1730457                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261487392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219530360     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16498192      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10569671      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3351459      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5532721      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080517      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686477      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627524      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610471      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261487392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100004699                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    112620678                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             23805411                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            19839463                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17268709                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        98440097                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1412130                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3610471                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          395660669                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         279526505                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               5132504                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              21894251                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100004699                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           112620678                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100004699                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.873232                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.873232                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.348040                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.348040                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      591744657                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     163754764                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     147227608                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        18514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              287336740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       26019246                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21660831                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2363258                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10010390                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9526360                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2797436                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110066                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226408924                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            142785500                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          26019246                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     12323796                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            29754787                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6569591                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      7811804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        14057435                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2258586                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    268160297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      238405510     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1826899      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2296954      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3661970      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1531696      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1974305      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2305960      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1056698      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       15100305      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    268160297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090553                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.496927                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      225074381                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      9274674                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        29611623                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        15625                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      4183989                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3962894                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          794                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    174494034                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3900                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      4183989                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      225304950                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        733555                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      7898244                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        29396829                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       642720                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    173416284                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        92598                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       448638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    242173322                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    806408350                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    806408350                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    202798167                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       39375146                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        42247                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22155                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2260375                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     16221448                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      8502018                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       101456                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1981435                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        169322204                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42398                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       162517177                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163140                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20405998                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41424310                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1873                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268160297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199283055     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31389046     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12904713      4.81%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7186361      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9728768      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3003383      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2951127      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1589879      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123965      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268160297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1120004     79.18%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       150180     10.62%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144291     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136891714     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2225823      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20090      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14904876      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8474674      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    162517177                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.565598                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1414476                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008704                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594772267                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189771504                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158296007                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    163931653                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       122802                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3024799                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          911                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       122085                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           72                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      4183989                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        556623                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70273                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169364611                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       132856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16221448                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8502018                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22156                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61154                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           72                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          911                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1399998                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1325177                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2725175                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159691637                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14662204                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2825540                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           23136082                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       22580251                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          8473878                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.555765                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            158296529                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           158296007                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        94839598                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       254647796                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.550908                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372434                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118009565                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    145412179                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23953136                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40525                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2383319                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    263976308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202450248     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31173441     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11315799      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5649248      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5153951      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2171023      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2144923      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022461      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2895214      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    263976308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    118009565                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    145412179                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             21576579                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            13196646                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             20216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         21071218                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       130918753                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      3000358                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2895214                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          430445590                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         342914657                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3428150                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              19176443                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         118009565                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           145412179                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    118009565                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.434860                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.434860                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.410701                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.410701                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      718602476                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     221141412                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     161447183                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        40492                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              287336739                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       21814684                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19471695                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1738875                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14458282                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14210937                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310089                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52132                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230382719                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            123952029                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          21814684                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     15521026                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            27623175                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5719802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3448494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13940970                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1706768                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    265425563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.766016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      237802388     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        4205041      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2133772      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        4159287      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1334298      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3840844      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         608076      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         988470      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10353387      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    265425563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075920                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.431382                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      228019001                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5865001                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        27568475                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        22315                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3950767                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      2064978                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        20378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    138668285                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        38401                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3950767                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      228286932                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       3457365                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1574381                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        27312820                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       843294                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    138468071                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       106927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       655503                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    181498754                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    627624664                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    627624664                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    147065958                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       34432770                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        18582                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9392                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1918704                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     24952639                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      4067007                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        25726                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       927066                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        137754874                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18648                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       128953606                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82900                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24960168                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51123958                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          110                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265425563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208906808     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17795047      6.70%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18895567      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10976038      4.14%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5679357      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420465      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1679671      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39348      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33262      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265425563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215871     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87941     23.34%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73018     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101132647     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013287      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9192      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22765515     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032965      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    128953606                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.448789                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376830                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523792505                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162734028                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125673175                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    129330436                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102422                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5110343                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          346                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100209                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3950767                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2445892                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103541                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137773618                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24952639                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067007                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9388                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46035                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2487                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          346                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171058                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672421                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1843479                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127322690                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22445153                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1630916                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  96                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           26477931                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19344185                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          4032778                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.443113                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            125701816                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           125673175                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        76032688                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       165705778                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.437372                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.458842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100021455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    112640166                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25138959                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18538                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1728012                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261474796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219510096     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16502819      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10570199      4.04%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352745      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5532871      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080556      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       685964      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627702      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611844      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261474796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    100021455                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    112640166                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             23809087                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            19842289                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17271618                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        98457329                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1412428                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3611844                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          395641700                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         279512223                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               5129501                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              21911176                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         100021455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           112640166                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    100021455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.872751                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.872751                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.348098                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.348098                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      591776353                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     163765847                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     147232519                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        18520                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              287336740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       23264662                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19023765                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2270918                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9869269                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9206018                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2396200                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101340                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    225939245                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            131926873                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          23264662                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     11602218                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            27667128                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       6562527                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3980970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13889543                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2289144                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    261829135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      234162007     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1502880      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2375033      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3763301      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1573255      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1767199      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1858012      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1217107      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       13610341      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    261829135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.080967                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.459137                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      223888506                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6047841                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        27581085                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        70415                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      4241286                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3816912                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          484                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    161126051                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         3180                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      4241286                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      224217882                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1954494                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      3131491                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        27328355                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       955625                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    161034262                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents        28543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       277821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       357002                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents        44699                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    223563292                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    749110676                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    749110676                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    191188771                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       32374516                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        41038                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22554                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2880762                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     15356061                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      8252103                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249391                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1872282                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        160811387                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41146                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       152338215                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187356                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20198356                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44690653                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3868                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261829135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197577974     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25790609      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14112424      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9610373      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8982394      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2596188      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2004047      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       684167      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470959      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261829135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35506     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109718     38.68%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138466     48.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127618327     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2405140      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18482      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14083349      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8212917      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    152338215                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530173                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283690                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    566976611                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181052536                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149903688                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    152621905                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       460370                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2738841                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          360                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1675                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       231782                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9504                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      4241286                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1308843                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137488                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160852684                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        64983                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15356061                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8252103                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22527                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101290                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1675                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1330234                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1291261                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2621495                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150184584                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13250397                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2153631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 151                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           21461389                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       21138731                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          8210992                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.522678                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            149904816                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           149903688                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        87653529                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       228945123                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.521700                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382858                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112299832                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    137648946                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23203963                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37278                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2319157                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257587849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201706295     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27061971     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10536150      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5677255      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4254689      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2372519      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1460702      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1308797      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3209471      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257587849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    112299832                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    137648946                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             20637541                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            12617220                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             18598                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         19758510                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       124031915                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2795984                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3209471                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          415230533                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         325947314                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3643456                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              25507605                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         112299832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           137648946                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    112299832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.558657                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.558657                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.390830                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.390830                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      677288934                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     207803942                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     150284886                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        37244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              287336740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       22333463                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20151449                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1170524                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8567134                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7994822                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1236510                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236899566                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            140524255                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          22333463                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9231332                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            27793693                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3666896                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      5745918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13597156                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1176775                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    272906265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      245112572     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         993109      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2030487      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         853751      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        4622371      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        4111177      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         800584      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1663676      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       12718538      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    272906265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077726                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.489058                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      235577924                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      7081761                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        27692437                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        87511                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2466627                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1961309                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          461                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    164782512                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2497                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2466627                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      235816638                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       5124805                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1208025                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        27557103                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       733062                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    164697655                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       311154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       266113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5648                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    193348178                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    775781729                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    775781729                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    171673363                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       21674809                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        19121                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9647                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1852095                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     38877418                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     19672375                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179621                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       955354                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        164381979                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19182                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       158136065                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81474                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12542026                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29979913                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    272906265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216740275     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16799880      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13808458      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5966408      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7566639      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7331724      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4160252      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       327675      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204954      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    272906265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400022     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3121289     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90248      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99187358     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1380673      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9471      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37928988     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19629575     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    158136065                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.550351                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3611559                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592871428                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176947201                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156791574                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    161747624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       285533                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1478607                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          644                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4020                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117555                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14005                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2466627                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       4709970                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       207496                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164401247                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1583                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38877418                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19672375                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9650                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       141911                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          105                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4020                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       684799                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       688256                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1373055                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157032209                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37801239                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1103856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           57429177                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       20574215                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         19627938                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.546509                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            156796364                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           156791574                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        84671193                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       166773991                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.545672                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507700                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127428226                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    149750057                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14666968                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19094                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1196421                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270439638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216160842     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19790481      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9287217      3.43%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9192625      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2498645      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10695785      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798007      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582568      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1433468      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270439638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    127428226                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    149750057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             56953631                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            37398811                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              9532                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         19774663                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       133164294                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1450419                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1433468                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          433422805                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         331300937                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               5195499                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              14430475                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         127428226                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           149750057                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    127428226                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.254891                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.254891                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443480                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443480                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      776373147                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     182063238                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     196270514                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        19064                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              287336740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       26016901                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21664603                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2366901                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9996048                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9528304                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2795727                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109956                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226455766                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            142767649                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          26016901                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     12324031                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            29752088                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       6575782                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      7879318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        14062333                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2262288                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    268274519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      238522431     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1825292      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2304211      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3661628      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1531369      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1973062      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        2304073      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1052604      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       15099849      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    268274519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090545                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.496865                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      225120357                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      9343392                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        29608637                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        15590                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      4186538                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3956976                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          810                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    174453333                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         3908                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      4186538                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      225351119                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        734279                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      7965892                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        29393664                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       643017                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    173375302                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        92491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       448521                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    242145484                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    806225799                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    806225799                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    202772538                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       39372946                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        42073                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21984                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2257277                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     16210107                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      8495252                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       101084                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1981670                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        169279696                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       162483657                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       159355                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20405306                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41351117                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1706                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268274519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199403298     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31393267     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12900834      4.81%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7188014      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9723413      3.62%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2999981      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2953047      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1588479      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124186      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268274519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1119452     79.24%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       148991     10.55%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144267     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136874369     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2226058      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20088      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14895389      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8467753      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    162483657                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.565482                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1412711                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594813899                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189728098                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158263314                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    163896368                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       122610                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3015126                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           74                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          875                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116368                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           95                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      4186538                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        557287                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70262                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169321926                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       133121                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16210107                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8495252                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21985                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61156                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          875                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1403297                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1327204                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2730501                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159655836                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14657875                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2827821                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           23124747                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       22573746                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          8466872                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.555640                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            158263890                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           158263314                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        94833383                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       254604010                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.550794                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372474                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    117994644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    145393765                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23928816                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40520                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2386948                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264087981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202565873     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31172668     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11314631      4.28%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5649888      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5152664      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2171145      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2145141      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022824      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2893147      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264087981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    117994644                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    145393765                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             21573865                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            13194981                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             20214                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         21068530                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       130902173                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2999967                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2893147                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          430516596                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         342831737                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3432673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              19062221                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         117994644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           145393765                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    117994644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.435168                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.435168                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.410649                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.410649                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      718456868                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     221119864                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     161421547                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        40486                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              287336740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       21811246                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19468085                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740371                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14446729                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14208192                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310882                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52085                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230358854                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            123937238                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          21811246                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     15519074                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            27620100                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5725010                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      3455341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13941589                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708555                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    265409181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.766038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      237789081     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        4202876      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2135534      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        4157550      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1333647      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3839994      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         608180      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         990159      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10352160      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    265409181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075908                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.431331                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      227989958                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5876820                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        27565352                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        22561                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3954486                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      2065274                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        20371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    138661787                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        38351                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3954486                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      228258474                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       3457275                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1583439                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        27309513                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       845990                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    138461444                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       107346                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       657740                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    181483870                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    627612544                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    627612544                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    147026103                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       34457737                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        18597                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9409                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1920969                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     24954381                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      4066673                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26367                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       927429                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        137750437                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18657                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       128939739                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82654                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24986478                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51187855                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265409181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208899083     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17793955      6.70%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18888593      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10974868      4.14%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5678189      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1421732      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1679964      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39582      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33215      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265409181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215764     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87978     23.36%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72885     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101122087     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013037      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22762837     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032588      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    128939739                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.448741                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376627                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002921                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523747940                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162755914                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125656045                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    129316366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102897                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5118391                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          351                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100731                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3954486                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2442322                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103810                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137769194                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18278                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24954381                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066673                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9398                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46049                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2489                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          351                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171869                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672919                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1844788                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127306906                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22441485                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1632833                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           26473894                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19340267                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          4032409                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.443058                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            125684458                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           125656045                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        76024151                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       165712322                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.437313                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.458772                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99993053                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    112609032                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25165706                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18535                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1729512                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261454695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219501078     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16496799      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10568597      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3353515      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530789      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080020      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686357      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627224      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610316      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261454695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     99993053                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    112609032                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             23801923                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            19835981                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17266781                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        98430371                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1412126                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      3610316                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          395618740                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         279507152                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               5131192                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              21927559                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          99993053                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           112609032                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     99993053                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.873567                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.873567                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.348000                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.348000                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      591702224                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     163742541                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     147212673                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        18518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              287336740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       21812899                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19470287                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740336                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14457487                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14209846                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310788                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52241                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230366775                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            123936656                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          21812899                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     15520634                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            27620507                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5723993                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3463533                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles           16                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           68                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13941493                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708345                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    265424770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      237804263     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        4203189      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2136204      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        4158488      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1332689      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3839999      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         608062      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         989832      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10352044      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    265424770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075914                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431329                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      227999572                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5883410                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        27565763                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        22523                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3953498                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      2064874                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        20373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    138658123                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        38414                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3953498                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      228267805                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3464384                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1583168                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        27309813                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       846098                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    138457104                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       107723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       657383                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    181483935                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    627587439                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    627587439                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    147029665                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       34454247                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        18588                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9399                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1924091                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     24953191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      4065713                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26346                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       927240                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        137744813                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18654                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       128940108                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82674                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24977887                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51155980                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          119                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265424770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208914029     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17792735      6.70%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18892514      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10973507      4.13%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5677590      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420891      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680822      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39379      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33303      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265424770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215620     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88067     23.39%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72902     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101122170     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013096      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22763614     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032038      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    128940108                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.448742                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376589                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002921                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523764249                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162741680                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125656216                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    129316697                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       103098                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5116305                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          331                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99767                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3953498                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2450697                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104131                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137763576                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24953191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4065713                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9395                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46492                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2518                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          331                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172241                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672464                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1844705                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127306121                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22441557                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1633987                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 109                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           26473384                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19340898                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          4031827                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.443055                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            125684700                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           125656216                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        76025130                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       165702869                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.437313                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458804                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99996073                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    112612052                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25157083                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18535                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1729481                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261471272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219518596     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16496580      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10567681      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3353757      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5529867      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1079881      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       685968      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627378      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611564      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261471272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     99996073                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    112612052                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             23802830                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            19836884                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17267281                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        98432895                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3611564                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          395628466                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         279494945                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               5129759                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              21911970                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          99996073                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           112612052                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     99996073                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.873480                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.873480                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.348010                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.348010                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      591699640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     163744327                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     147212626                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        18518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              287336740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       22332093                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20149672                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1171247                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8505181                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7989789                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1236607                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52040                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236820430                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            140508679                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          22332093                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9226396                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            27788876                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       3673126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      5767278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13593576                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1176800                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    272849158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      245060282     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         992808      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2028741      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         854581      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        4621736      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        4110381      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         797937      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1664323      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12718369      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    272849158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077721                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.489004                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      235498457                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      7103604                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        27687471                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        87500                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      2472121                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1961288                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          454                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    164760445                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2446                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      2472121                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      235738829                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       5130042                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1222804                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        27550567                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       734790                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    164672430                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       311934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       266944                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4705                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    193319921                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    775652520                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    775652520                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    171614039                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       21705882                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        19738                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        10268                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1860923                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     38866089                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     19664930                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179472                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       954669                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        164356091                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19798                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       158091899                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81769                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12569972                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30072121                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          711                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    272849158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216701196     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16793788      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13803952      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5962484      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7566092      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7329212      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4159789      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       327567      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       205078      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    272849158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400668     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3119827     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90192      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99165412     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1380899      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9468      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37914710     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19621410     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    158091899                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.550197                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3610687                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592725412                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176949889                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156745018                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    161702586                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       285636                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1482167                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          645                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4039                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117799                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14002                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      2472121                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       4715293                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       207874                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164375991                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1598                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38866089                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19664930                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        10269                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       141881                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          104                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4039                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       683970                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       690289                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1374259                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    156986345                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37786857                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1105554                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 102                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           57406649                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       20567838                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         19619792                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.546350                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            156749791                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           156745018                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        84648621                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       166738166                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.545510                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507674                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127382114                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    149696423                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14695594                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19087                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1197162                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270377037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216116313     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19786647      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9283651      3.43%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9188930      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2496108      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10690896      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798504      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582156      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1433832      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270377037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    127382114                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    149696423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             56931053                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            37383922                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              9528                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         19767734                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       133116713                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1450023                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1433832                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          433334832                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         331256430                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               5195120                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              14487582                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         127382114                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           149696423                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    127382114                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.255707                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.255707                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.443320                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.443320                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      776131952                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     182010908                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     196232128                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        19058                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         342506                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.932312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2431824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         375261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           6.480354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           268.285749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.710034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1699.717004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.935207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2791.167261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.942771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1065.533170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.597076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1024.554905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.656193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1046.441873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.790851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1042.841800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.329661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1668.947418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.472633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1678.027294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.100697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1068.782575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.573150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1664.895436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.785811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  2406.352061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.001567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2757.803705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.554300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1028.670174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.478359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1691.226076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.705124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1662.551929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.986079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2742.129118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           348.616535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           434.319332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           255.094186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           281.509734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           271.744009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           290.823223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           341.999962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           343.148953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           251.413013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           338.897653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           395.451348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           451.718438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           285.456422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           325.240092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           334.434792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           460.517564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.051871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.085180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.032517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.031267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.031935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.031825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.050932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.051209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.032617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.050809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.073436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.084161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.031393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.051612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.050737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.083683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.010639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.013254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.007785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.008591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.008293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.008875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.010437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.010472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.007673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.010342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.012068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.013785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.008711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.009926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.010206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.014054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        57152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        28778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        28850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        29208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        28747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        49738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        56898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        29013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        56750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  639735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           164718                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                164718                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          245                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          244                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          247                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          243                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          244                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          243                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2348                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        57238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        29047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        29097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        29451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        28991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        41025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        49889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        56977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        29256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        56833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   642083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41169                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        57238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29023                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        29047                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        29097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        29451                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41040                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41226                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        28991                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        41025                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        49889                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        56977                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        29256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40828                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40966                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        56833                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  642083                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        35244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        35398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                342267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 150                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        35248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        35409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 342417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21199                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        35248                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12558                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12523                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12241                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21391                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12662                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21434                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32237                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        35409                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12417                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35580                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                342417                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5596352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3515645904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5989777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5869651590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6747595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2120779291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6505243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2104883815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6039277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2100206174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7119605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2056084914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5479412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3545828812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5800890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3518270048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7514157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2122373333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5460245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3554584875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6230918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5402735738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6768528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5885873335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6743892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2081586062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5566170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3577428317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5699796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3561491097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5843557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5908154517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57024683236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       620234                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      3230776                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2998597                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2921108                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3101175                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       867412                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       288850                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2834709                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       311749                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1842732                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3230566                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1130230                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       321849                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1106860                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      24806847                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5596352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3515645904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5989777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5870271824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6747595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2124010067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6505243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2107882412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6039277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2103127282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7119605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2059186089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5479412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3546696224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5800890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3518558898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7514157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2125208042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5460245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3554896624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6230918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5402735738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6768528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5887716067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6743892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2084816628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5566170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3578558547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5699796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3561812946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5843557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5909261377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      57049490083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5596352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3515645904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5989777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5870271824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6747595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2124010067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6505243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2107882412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6039277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2103127282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7119605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2059186089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5479412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3546696224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5800890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3518558898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7514157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2125208042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5460245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3554896624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6230918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5402735738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6768528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5887716067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6743892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2084816628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5566170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3578558547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5699796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3561812946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5843557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5909261377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     57049490083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        92396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        41365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        62387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        81975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        92296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        41410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        92323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              982002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       164718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            164718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          265                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          263                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2498                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        92486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        41629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        62472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        82126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        92386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        41673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        92413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               984500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        92486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        41629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        62472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        82126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        92386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        41673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        92413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              984500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.381445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.304291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.303316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.302382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.936170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.305494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.393254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.383527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.299372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.385310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.348540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.044444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.071970                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.068702                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.067925                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.072519                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.058824                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.023529                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.065134                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.024390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.122222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.076046                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.074074                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.023810                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.077778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.060048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.339902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.381117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.302818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.301839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.300889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.342634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.936170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.303988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.392531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.383272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.297963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.385011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.347808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.339902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.381117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.302818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.301839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.300889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.342634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.936170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.303988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.392531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.383272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.297963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.385011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.347808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159895.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165840.176612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157625.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166543.286517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164575.487805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 168489.655279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162631.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167853.573764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158928.342105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 167949.314194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173648.902439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 168228.188022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166042.787879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 165801.403348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165739.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165612.410469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170776.295455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 167842.889126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       156007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 165854.090845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163971.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 167594.246921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161155.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166277.002514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168597.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167910.467210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159033.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 165859.720757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162851.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 165789.549251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157933.972973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166085.360161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166608.768114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 155058.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 170040.842105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166588.722222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162283.777778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163219.736842                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 173482.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       144425                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166747.588235                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 155874.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167521.090909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 161528.300000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 188371.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160924.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 158122.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165378.980000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159895.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165840.176612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157625.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166541.983205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164575.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 168491.993257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162631.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167851.760790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158928.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 167941.170806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173648.902439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 168220.414100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166042.787879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 165803.198728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165739.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165610.415984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170776.295455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 167841.418575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       156007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 165853.159653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163971.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 167594.246921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161155.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166277.388997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168597.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167900.187485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159033.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 165865.981321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162851.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 165789.096351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157933.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166083.793620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166608.229390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159895.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165840.176612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157625.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166541.983205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164575.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 168491.993257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162631.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167851.760790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158928.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 167941.170806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173648.902439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 168220.414100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166042.787879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 165803.198728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165739.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165610.415984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170776.295455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 167841.418575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       156007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 165853.159653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163971.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 167594.246921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161155.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166277.388997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168597.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167900.187485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159033.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 165865.981321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162851.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 165789.096351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157933.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166083.793620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166608.229390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                75081                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     75081                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        35244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        35398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           342267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            150                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        35248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        35409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            342417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        35248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21434                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        35409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           342417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3560647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2280818951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3778372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3817979301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4368268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1387807228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4179651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1374667011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3832082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1372086933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4737956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1344427118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3563507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2299985245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3766417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2280835848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4960198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1386099060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3430572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2306120742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4020483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3525541125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4330075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3825286363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4419688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1359702657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3530631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2320982798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3665296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2310119650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3688886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3837393564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37093686323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       387772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2125133                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1951015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1876428                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1994331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       575248                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       172303                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1844389                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       194783                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1203483                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2069600                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       780235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       204412                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       698328                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16077460                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3560647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2280818951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3778372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3818367073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4368268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1389932361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4179651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1376618026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3832082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1373963361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4737956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1346421449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3563507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2300560493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3766417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2281008151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4960198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1387943449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3430572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2306315525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4020483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3525541125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4330075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3826489846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4419688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1361772257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3530631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2321763033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3665296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2310324062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3688886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3838091892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37109763783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3560647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2280818951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3778372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3818367073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4368268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1389932361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4179651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1376618026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3832082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1373963361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4737956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1346421449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3563507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2300560493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3766417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2281008151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4960198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1387943449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3430572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2306315525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4020483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3525541125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4330075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3826489846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4419688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1361772257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3530631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2321763033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3665296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2310324062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3688886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3838091892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37109763783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.381445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.304291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.303316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.302382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.936170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.305494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.393254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.383527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.299372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.385310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.348540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.044444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.071970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.068702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.067925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.072519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.023529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.065134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.024390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.122222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.076046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.074074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.023810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.077778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.339902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.381117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.302818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.301839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.300889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.342634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.936170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.303988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.392531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.383272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.297963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.385011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.347808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.339902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.381117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.302818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.301839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.300889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.342634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.936170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.303988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.392531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.383272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.297963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.385011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.347808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 101732.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107590.874617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99430.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108329.908665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106543.121951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110257.188210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 104491.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109622.568660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 100844.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109723.065414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 115559.902439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110000.582392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 107985.060606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107546.303423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107611.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107363.766146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 112731.772727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109616.374852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98016.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107601.751680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 105802.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109363.189037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 103097.023810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108065.042178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 110492.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109679.975559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100875.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107607.343780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 104722.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107537.456941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99699.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107873.768420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108376.461426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        96943                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111849.105263                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108389.722222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       104246                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104964.789474                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 115049.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86151.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108493.470588                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 97391.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109407.545455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       103480                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 130039.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       102206                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99761.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107183.066667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 101732.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107590.874617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99430.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108328.616461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106543.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110259.587577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 104491.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109620.801561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 100844.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109715.192925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 115559.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109992.766032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 107985.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107548.057267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107611.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107361.769321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 112731.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109614.867241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98016.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107600.798964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 105802.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109363.189037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 103097.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108065.459234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 110492.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109669.989289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100875.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107613.582063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 104722.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107536.960622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99699.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107872.172344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108375.938645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 101732.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107590.874617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99430.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108328.616461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106543.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110259.587577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 104491.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109620.801561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 100844.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109715.192925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 115559.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109992.766032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 107985.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107548.057267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107611.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107361.769321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 112731.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109614.867241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98016.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107600.798964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 105802.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109363.189037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 103097.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108065.459234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 110492.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109669.989289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100875.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107613.582063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 104722.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107536.960622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99699.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107872.172344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108375.938645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.836065                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013976858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1801024.614565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.730417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   525.105648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.055658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.841515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13944589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13944589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13944589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13944589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13944589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13944589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7639805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7639805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7639805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7639805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7639805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7639805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13944631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13944631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13944631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13944631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13944631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13944631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181900.119048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181900.119048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181900.119048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181900.119048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181900.119048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181900.119048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6557708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6557708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6557708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6557708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6557708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6557708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182158.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182158.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182158.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182158.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182158.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182158.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62368                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243201744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3883.522994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   199.894016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    56.105984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.780836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.219164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20492337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20492337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24439159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24439159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24439159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24439159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       215179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          401                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       215580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       215580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       215580                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       215580                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24584244133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24584244133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     35774360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35774360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24620018493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24620018493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24620018493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24620018493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20707516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20707516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24654739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24654739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24654739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24654739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114250.201614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114250.201614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 89212.867830                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89212.867830                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114203.629711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114203.629711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114203.629711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114203.629711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7691                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7691                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       153212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       153212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       153212                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       153212                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6497450232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6497450232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5713420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5713420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6503163652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6503163652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6503163652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6503163652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104318.057831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104318.057831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 68836.385542                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68836.385542                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104270.838443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104270.838443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104270.838443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104270.838443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              579.027782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1121127758                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1926336.353952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.002566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.025217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.060902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13600440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13600440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13600440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13600440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13600440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13600440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8217993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8217993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8217993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8217993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8217993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8217993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13600490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13600490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13600490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13600490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13600490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13600490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164359.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164359.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164359.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164359.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164359.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164359.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6686872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6686872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6686872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6686872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6686872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6686872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171458.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171458.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171458.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171458.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171458.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171458.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                92486                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              490454317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                92742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5288.373304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.916456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.083544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     35686719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35686719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     19543114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19543114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9544                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9544                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9534                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9534                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     55229833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       55229833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     55229833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      55229833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       327226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       327226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       327524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       327524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       327524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       327524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  39366438011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39366438011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27214150                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27214150                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  39393652161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39393652161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  39393652161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39393652161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     36013945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36013945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     19543412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19543412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         9544                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9544                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         9534                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9534                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     55557357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55557357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     55557357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55557357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120303.515035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120303.515035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91322.651007                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91322.651007                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120277.146594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120277.146594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120277.146594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120277.146594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           17345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       234830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       234830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       235038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       235038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       235038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       235038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        92396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        92486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        92486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10221928677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10221928677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6724657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6724657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10228653334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10228653334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10228653334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10228653334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110631.722986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110631.722986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 74718.411111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74718.411111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110596.775015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110596.775015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110596.775015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110596.775015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.579087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1090183359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2184736.190381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    40.579087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.065031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14059345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14059345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14059345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       14059345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14059345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      14059345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12651865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12651865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12651865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12651865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12651865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12651865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14059399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14059399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14059399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     14059399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14059399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     14059399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 234293.796296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 234293.796296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 234293.796296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 234293.796296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 234293.796296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 234293.796296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10247135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10247135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10247135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10247135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10247135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10247135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 232889.431818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232889.431818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 232889.431818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232889.431818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 232889.431818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232889.431818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                41629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              177951775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                41885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4248.580041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.462050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.537950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.911961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.088039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     11226396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11226396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8332179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8332179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        21647                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21647                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20236                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20236                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19558575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       19558575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19558575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      19558575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       106800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2645                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2645                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       109445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       109445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       109445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       109445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11644843957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11644843957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    195282289                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    195282289                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11840126246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11840126246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11840126246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11840126246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     11333196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11333196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8334824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8334824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        21647                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21647                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        20236                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20236                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19668020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19668020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19668020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19668020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000317                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109034.119448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109034.119448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 73830.733081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73830.733081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108183.345479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108183.345479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108183.345479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108183.345479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       527231                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40556.230769                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8874                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8874                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        65435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        67816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        67816                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67816                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        41365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        41629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        41629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4171715643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4171715643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     22223049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22223049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4193938692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4193938692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4193938692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4193938692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100851.339127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100851.339127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84178.215909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84178.215909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100745.602633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100745.602633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100745.602633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100745.602633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              494.336386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1090183413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2189123.319277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    39.685078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   454.651309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.063598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.728608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14059399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14059399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14059399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       14059399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14059399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      14059399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11506544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11506544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11506544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11506544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11506544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11506544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14059451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14059451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14059451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     14059451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14059451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     14059451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 221279.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 221279.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 221279.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221279.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 221279.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221279.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9386394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9386394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9386394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9386394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9386394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9386394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 218288.232558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218288.232558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 218288.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218288.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 218288.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218288.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                41605                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              177955322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                41861                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4251.100595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.463145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.536855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     11226863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11226863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8335161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8335161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        21737                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21737                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     19562024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       19562024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     19562024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      19562024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       106802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       109433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       109433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       109433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       109433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11559812608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11559812608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    194934941                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    194934941                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11754747549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11754747549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11754747549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11754747549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     11333665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11333665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8337792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8337792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        21737                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21737                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        20244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     19671457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19671457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     19671457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19671457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108235.918878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108235.918878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 74091.577727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74091.577727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107415.016942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107415.016942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107415.016942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107415.016942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       301456                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 43065.142857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        65459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        67828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        67828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4159062043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4159062043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     22365365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22365365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4181427408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4181427408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4181427408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4181427408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100598.941610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100598.941610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85363.988550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85363.988550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100503.002235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100503.002235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100503.002235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100503.002235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              493.251227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1090184543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2197952.707661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    38.251227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.061300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14060529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14060529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14060529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       14060529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14060529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      14060529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12395985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12395985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12395985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12395985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12395985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12395985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14060582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14060582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14060582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     14060582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14060582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     14060582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 233886.509434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 233886.509434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 233886.509434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 233886.509434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 233886.509434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 233886.509434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9901445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9901445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9901445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9901445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9901445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9901445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 241498.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241498.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 241498.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241498.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 241498.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241498.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                41620                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              177956183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                41876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4249.598410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.463044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.536956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     11228156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11228156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8334835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8334835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        21633                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21633                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20242                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20242                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     19562991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       19562991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     19562991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      19562991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       106667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2657                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2657                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       109324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       109324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       109324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       109324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11563232040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11563232040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    193118560                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    193118560                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11756350600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11756350600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11756350600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11756350600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     11334823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11334823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8337492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8337492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        21633                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21633                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        20242                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20242                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     19672315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19672315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     19672315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19672315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000319                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108404.961609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108404.961609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 72682.935642                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72682.935642                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107536.776920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107536.776920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107536.776920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107536.776920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       291720                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 32413.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        65312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        67704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        67704                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67704                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4155489966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4155489966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     22606819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22606819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4178096785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4178096785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4178096785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4178096785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100483.374828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100483.374828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 85308.750943                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85308.750943                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100386.756007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100386.756007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100386.756007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100386.756007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.105659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1090187362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2189131.248996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    40.105659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.064272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14063348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14063348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14063348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       14063348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14063348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      14063348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13322468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13322468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13322468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13322468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13322468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13322468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14063404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14063404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14063404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     14063404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14063404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     14063404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 237901.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 237901.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 237901.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 237901.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 237901.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 237901.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10444557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10444557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10444557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10444557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10444557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10444557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 242896.674419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242896.674419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 242896.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242896.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 242896.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242896.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                41692                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              177958817                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                41948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4242.367145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.463994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.536006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.911969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.088031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     11229093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11229093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8336552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8336552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        21608                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21608                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20247                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20247                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19565645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       19565645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19565645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      19565645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       106926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2641                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2641                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       109567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       109567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       109567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       109567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11541414447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11541414447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    198731155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    198731155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11740145602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11740145602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11740145602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11740145602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     11336019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11336019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8339193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8339193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        21608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        20247                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20247                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19675212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19675212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19675212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19675212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000317                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107938.335363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107938.335363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 75248.449451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75248.449451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107150.379238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107150.379238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107150.379238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107150.379238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       622142                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets            11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 56558.363636                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8892                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8892                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        65496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        67875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        67875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4135315890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4135315890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     22761933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22761933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4158077823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4158077823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4158077823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4158077823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99814.527878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99814.527878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86877.606870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86877.606870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99733.229948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99733.229948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99733.229948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99733.229948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              558.925464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1013974063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1807440.397504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    32.908470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.016994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.052738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13941794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13941794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13941794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13941794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13941794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13941794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7696424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7696424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7696424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7696424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7696424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7696424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13941837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13941837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13941837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13941837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13941837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13941837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 178986.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178986.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 178986.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178986.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 178986.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178986.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6314818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6314818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6314818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6314818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6314818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6314818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 185729.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185729.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 185729.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185729.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 185729.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185729.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                62430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              243207346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                62686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3879.771337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   199.824173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    56.175827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.780563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.219437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     20497072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20497072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3947665                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947665                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9336                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9336                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9261                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9261                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     24444737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       24444737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     24444737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      24444737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       215416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          417                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          417                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       215833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       215833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       215833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       215833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24592327304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24592327304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     41322158                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     41322158                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24633649462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24633649462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24633649462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24633649462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     20712488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20712488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3948082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3948082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9336                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9336                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9261                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9261                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     24660570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24660570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     24660570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24660570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114162.027445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114162.027445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99093.904077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99093.904077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114132.915087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114132.915087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114132.915087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114132.915087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7321                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7321                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       153070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       153402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       153402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       153402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       153402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6517664430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6517664430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6359873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6359873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6524024303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6524024303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6524024303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6524024303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104540.217977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104540.217977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 74822.035294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74822.035294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104499.756579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104499.756579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104499.756579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104499.756579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              559.770596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1013976939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1801024.758437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.629627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.140970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.055496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.841572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13944670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13944670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13944670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13944670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13944670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13944670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7796528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7796528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7796528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7796528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7796528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7796528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13944716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13944716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13944716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13944716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13944716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13944716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169489.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169489.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169489.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169489.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169489.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169489.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6399453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6399453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6399453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6399453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6399453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6399453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177762.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177762.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177762.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177762.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177762.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177762.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                62472                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              243204689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                62728                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3877.131249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   200.513083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    55.486917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.783254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.216746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     20495292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20495292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3946808                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946808                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9320                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9320                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     24442100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       24442100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     24442100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      24442100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       215330                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215330                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       215749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       215749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       215749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       215749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  24575380009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24575380009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     38297663                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38297663                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  24613677672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24613677672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  24613677672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24613677672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     20710622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20710622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3947227                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947227                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9320                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9320                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     24657849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24657849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     24657849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24657849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114128.918446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114128.918446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91402.536993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91402.536993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114084.782187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114084.782187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114084.782187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114084.782187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       152943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       153277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       153277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       153277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       153277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        62387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        62472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        62472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6504070655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6504070655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5963498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5963498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6510034153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6510034153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6510034153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6510034153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104253.621027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104253.621027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 70158.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70158.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104207.231288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104207.231288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104207.231288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104207.231288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              498.329975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1090181390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2171676.075697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    43.329975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.069439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14057376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14057376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14057376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       14057376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14057376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      14057376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13887327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13887327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13887327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13887327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13887327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13887327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14057435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14057435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14057435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     14057435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14057435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     14057435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 235378.423729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 235378.423729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 235378.423729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 235378.423729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 235378.423729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 235378.423729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11169467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11169467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11169467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11169467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11169467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11169467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 237648.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237648.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 237648.234043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237648.234043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 237648.234043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237648.234043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                41653                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              177959922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                41909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4246.341406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.463743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.536257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.911968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.088032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     11230354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11230354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8336166                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8336166                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21839                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21839                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20246                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20246                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19566520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       19566520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19566520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      19566520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       106807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2594                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2594                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       109401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       109401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       109401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       109401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11648126038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11648126038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    192295842                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    192295842                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11840421880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11840421880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11840421880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11840421880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     11337161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11337161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8338760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8338760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        21839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        20246                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20246                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19675921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19675921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19675921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19675921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000311                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109057.702566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109057.702566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 74131.010794                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74131.010794                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108229.558048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108229.558048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108229.558048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108229.558048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       468607                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets            11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 42600.636364                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        65415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        67748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        67748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4174229682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4174229682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     22220131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22220131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4196449813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4196449813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4196449813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4196449813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100846.291119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100846.291119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 85134.601533                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85134.601533                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100747.840804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100747.840804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100747.840804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100747.840804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              560.084578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1013973198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1801018.113677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.978904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.105674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.056056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13940929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13940929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13940929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13940929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13940929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13940929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7175871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7175871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7175871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7175871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7175871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7175871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13940970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13940970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13940970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13940970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13940970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13940970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 175021.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175021.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 175021.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175021.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 175021.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175021.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6310966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6310966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6310966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6310966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6310966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6310966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 175304.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175304.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 175304.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175304.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 175304.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175304.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                62459                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              243205107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                62715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3877.941593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   200.511515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    55.488485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.783248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.216752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     20494848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20494848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3947678                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947678                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9309                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9309                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     24442526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       24442526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     24442526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      24442526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       215781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          394                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          394                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       216175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       216175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       216175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       216175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24727167005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24727167005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     36963613                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36963613                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24764130618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24764130618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24764130618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24764130618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     20710629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20710629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3948072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3948072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9309                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9309                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     24658701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24658701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     24658701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24658701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114593.810414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114593.810414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93816.276650                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93816.276650                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114555.941335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114555.941335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114555.941335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114555.941335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       153404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       153716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       153716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       153716                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       153716                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6530540168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6530540168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5907236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5907236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6536447404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6536447404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6536447404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6536447404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104694.681822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104694.681822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 72039.463415                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72039.463415                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104651.810051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104651.810051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104651.810051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104651.810051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              527.643961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1093075969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2066306.179584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    37.643961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.060327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13889492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13889492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13889492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13889492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13889492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13889492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8728969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8728969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8728969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8728969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8728969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8728969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13889543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13889543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13889543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13889543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13889543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13889543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 171156.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171156.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 171156.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171156.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 171156.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171156.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6776181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6776181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6776181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6776181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6776181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6776181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173748.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173748.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173748.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173748.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173748.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173748.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                82126                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              194776902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                82382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              2364.313831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.383334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.616666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.915560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.084440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      9634509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9634509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7981780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7981780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17616289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       17616289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17616289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      17616289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       208959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          914                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       209873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       209873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       209873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       209873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25656199331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25656199331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     78051426                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78051426                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25734250757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25734250757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25734250757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25734250757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      9843468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9843468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7982694                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7982694                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        22325                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22325                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17826162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17826162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17826162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17826162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122781.020827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122781.020827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85395.433260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85395.433260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122618.206044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122618.206044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122618.206044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122618.206044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           10083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       126984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        81975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        82126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        82126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9074118262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9074118262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10045074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10045074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9084163336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9084163336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9084163336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9084163336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110693.726892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110693.726892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66523.668874                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66523.668874                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110612.514137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110612.514137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110612.514137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110612.514137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              582.842077                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1121124418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1913181.600683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    41.783024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.059053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.066960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.934042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13597100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13597100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13597100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13597100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13597100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13597100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9513907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9513907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9513907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9513907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9513907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9513907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13597156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13597156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13597156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13597156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13597156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13597156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169891.196429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169891.196429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169891.196429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169891.196429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169891.196429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169891.196429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7326271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7326271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7326271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7326271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7326271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7326271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170378.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170378.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170378.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170378.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170378.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170378.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                92386                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              490431621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                92642                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5293.836716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.916357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.083643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     35671966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35671966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19535177                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19535177                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9540                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9540                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     55207143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       55207143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     55207143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      55207143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       326481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       326778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       326778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       326778                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       326778                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39413086035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39413086035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     30064958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30064958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39443150993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39443150993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39443150993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39443150993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     35998447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35998447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19535474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19535474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9540                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9540                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     55533921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55533921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     55533921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55533921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120720.918017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120720.918017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101228.814815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101228.814815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120703.202153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120703.202153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120703.202153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120703.202153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           18567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       234185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       234185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       234392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       234392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       234392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       234392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        92296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        92386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        92386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10220353399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10220353399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7610322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7610322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10227963721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10227963721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10227963721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10227963721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110734.521529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110734.521529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84559.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84559.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110709.022157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110709.022157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110709.022157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110709.022157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              493.805710                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1090186288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2189129.092369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.805710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.062189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     14062274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14062274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     14062274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       14062274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     14062274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      14062274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12213001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12213001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12213001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12213001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12213001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12213001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     14062333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14062333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     14062333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     14062333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     14062333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     14062333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 207000.016949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 207000.016949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 207000.016949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 207000.016949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 207000.016949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 207000.016949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9138863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9138863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9138863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9138863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9138863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9138863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 212531.697674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212531.697674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 212531.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212531.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 212531.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212531.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                41673                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              177954974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                41929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4244.197906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.464117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.535883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.911969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.088031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     11226680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11226680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8335074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8335074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        21660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20243                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20243                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     19561754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       19561754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     19561754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      19561754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       106905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2642                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2642                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       109547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       109547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       109547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       109547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11530060069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11530060069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    197371560                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    197371560                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11727431629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11727431629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11727431629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11727431629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     11333585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11333585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8337716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8337716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        21660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        20243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     19671301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19671301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     19671301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19671301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000317                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107853.328366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107853.328366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 74705.359576                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74705.359576                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107053.882160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107053.882160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107053.882160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107053.882160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       573707                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets            17                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33747.470588                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        65495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        67874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        67874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        41410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        41673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        41673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4146234604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4146234604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22239693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22239693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4168474297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4168474297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4168474297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4168474297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100126.409177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100126.409177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84561.570342                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84561.570342                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100028.178845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100028.178845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100028.178845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100028.178845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              559.912079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1013973814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1801019.207815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    34.806427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.105651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.055780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.841515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13941545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13941545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13941545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13941545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13941545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13941545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7384928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7384928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7384928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7384928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7384928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7384928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13941589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13941589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13941589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13941589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13941589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13941589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167839.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167839.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167839.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167839.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167839.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167839.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6334545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6334545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6334545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6334545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6334545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6334545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175959.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175959.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175959.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175959.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175959.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175959.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                62403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              243200661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                62659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3881.336456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   199.417997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    56.582003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.778977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.221023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     20491234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20491234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3946834                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946834                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     24438068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       24438068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     24438068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      24438068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       215805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          385                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          385                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       216190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       216190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       216190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       216190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24705186587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24705186587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     40366068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40366068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24745552655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24745552655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24745552655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24745552655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     20707039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20707039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3947219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     24654258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24654258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     24654258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24654258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114479.213118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114479.213118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104846.929870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104846.929870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114462.059554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114462.059554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114462.059554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114462.059554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7314                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            7314                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       153483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       153787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       153787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       153787                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       153787                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6540177248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6540177248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6388248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6388248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6546565496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6546565496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6546565496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6546565496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104941.709958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104941.709958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 78867.259259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78867.259259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104907.864942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104907.864942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104907.864942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104907.864942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              560.228990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1013973719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1801019.039076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.087947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.141043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.056231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13941450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13941450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13941450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13941450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13941450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13941450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7842169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7842169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7842169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7842169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7842169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7842169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13941493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13941493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13941493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13941493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13941493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13941493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 182376.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182376.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 182376.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182376.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 182376.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182376.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6507141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6507141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6507141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6507141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6507141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6507141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180753.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180753.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180753.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180753.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180753.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180753.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                62450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              243200286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                62706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3878.421299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   200.554595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    55.445405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.783416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.216584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20490887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20490887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3946812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     24437699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       24437699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     24437699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      24437699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       216040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          411                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          411                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       216451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       216451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       216451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       216451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24769010954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24769010954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     39373624                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39373624                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24808384578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24808384578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24808384578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24808384578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20706927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20706927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9316                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9316                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     24654150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24654150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     24654150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24654150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114650.115506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114650.115506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95799.571776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95799.571776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114614.321847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114614.321847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114614.321847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114614.321847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7590                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7590                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       153674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       154001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       154001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6536636669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6536636669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6183758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6183758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6542820427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6542820427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6542820427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6542820427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104810.901276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104810.901276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 73616.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73616.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104768.941986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104768.941986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104768.941986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104768.941986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              578.209345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1121120843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1929640.005164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.184102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.025243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.059590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13593525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13593525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13593525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13593525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13593525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13593525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8280821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8280821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8280821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8280821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8280821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8280821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13593576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13593576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13593576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13593576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13593576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13593576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162369.039216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162369.039216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162369.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162369.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162369.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162369.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6465925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6465925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6465925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6465925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6465925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6465925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170155.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170155.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170155.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170155.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170155.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170155.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                92413                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              490409484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                92669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              5292.055423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.915790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.084210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     35656911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35656911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19527493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19527493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        10145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     55184404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       55184404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     55184404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      55184404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       326879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       327177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       327177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       327177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       327177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  39546259719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39546259719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     28731107                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28731107                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  39574990826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39574990826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  39574990826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39574990826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     35983790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35983790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19527791                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19527791                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        10145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        10145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9529                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9529                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     55511581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55511581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     55511581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55511581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120981.340860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120981.340860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96413.110738                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96413.110738                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120958.963576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120958.963576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120958.963576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120958.963576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           20196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       234556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       234556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       234764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       234764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       234764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       234764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        92323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        92413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        92413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10249102696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10249102696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6957008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6957008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10256059704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10256059704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10256059704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10256059704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111013.536129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111013.536129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 77300.088889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77300.088889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110980.702975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110980.702975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110980.702975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110980.702975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
