
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.101476                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                101476112247                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               627663097011                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 227346                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   283689                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1300406                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67600944                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 78034.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17740788380                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22137447149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1351808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4018432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      3615104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1764480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      3999616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1805056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1768832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1389568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1373568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4059136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      3619968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1785216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4013568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2452480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      4042880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3628288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             44767744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11269888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11269888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        10561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        31394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        28243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        13785                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        31247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        14102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        13819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        10856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        10731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        31712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        28281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        13947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        31356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        19160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        31585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        28346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                349748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           88046                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                88046                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13321441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        50455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     39599783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     35625172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        51717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17388132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        49194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39414360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        50455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17787989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        50455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     17431019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13693548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        46671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13535875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        49194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     40000902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     35673105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        50455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     17592475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        51717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     39551850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     24168052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        50455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39840706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     35755095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               441165344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        50455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        51717                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        49194                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        50455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        50455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46671                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        46671                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        49194                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        50455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        51717                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46671                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        50455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             785840                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         111059517                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              111059517                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         111059517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        47932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13321441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        50455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     39599783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        47932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     35625172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        51717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17388132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        49194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39414360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        50455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17787989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        50455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     17431019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        46671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13693548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        46671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13535875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        49194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     40000902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        47932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     35673105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        50455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     17592475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        51717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     39551850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        46671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     24168052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        50455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39840706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        47932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     35755095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              552224861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              243347992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22046697                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18357144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2000113                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8503551                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8083695                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2371298                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93034                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191854465                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120928832                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22046697                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10454993                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25213485                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5559243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6591980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11909114                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911682                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    227200879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      201987394     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1546173      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1959420      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3095605      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1305989      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1681257      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1950187      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         889528      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12785326      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    227200879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090597                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.496938                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190722681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      7832377                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25093460                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11950                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3540409                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3354474                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          540                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147792201                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2577                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3540409                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190916579                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        619818                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      6670992                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24911676                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       541401                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146880131                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        78156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205161419                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683073746                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683073746                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33274885                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35742                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18694                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1904356                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13731529                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7195789                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80591                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1631350                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143403467                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35873                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137672515                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       124522                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17238401                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34936832                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1482                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227200879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168853952     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26618424     11.72%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10881918      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6097506      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8259659      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2536244      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2500379      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346769      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       106028      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227200879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939224     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       126748     10.66%     89.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122812     10.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115986254     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883353      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12612188      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7173673      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137672515                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565743                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1188784                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008635                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503859214                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160678416                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134094750                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138861299                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101926                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2559595                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          680                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96453                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3540409                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        472034                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59226                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143439351                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       112822                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13731529                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7195789                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18695                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51667                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          680                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1185474                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1122155                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2307629                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135274912                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12411478                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2397602                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19584551                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19135441                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7173073                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.555891                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134095158                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134094750                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80359980                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215802228                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.551041                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372378                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20216592                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2017268                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223660470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171507763     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26430153     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592368      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4786555      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4371486      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1838404      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1816475      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866191      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451075      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223660470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451075                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          364648590                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290420244                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2904308                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16147113                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.433480                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.433480                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.410934                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.410934                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608706974                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187388343                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136721738                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              243347992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18925953                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17077684                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       989379                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7155629                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6767580                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046942                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43896                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200641622                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            119062039                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18925953                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      7814522                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23543358                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       3107087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      4860996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11513852                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       994342                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    231138988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      207595630     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         839570      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1717215      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         724080      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        3915113      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3481797      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         675251      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1412572      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10777760      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    231138988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077773                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.489267                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      199508152                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      6006726                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23456756                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        74841                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      2092508                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1661381                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          504                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    139611866                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2751                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      2092508                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      199711715                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       4340897                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1028638                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23342483                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       622742                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    139539470                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           81                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       266369                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       225350                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3505                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    163814835                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    657257176                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    657257176                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    145421873                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       18392956                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16197                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1570517                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     32932424                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     16661373                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151671                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       806870                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        139270217                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16247                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       133943141                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69815                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10675893                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25571538                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           78                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231138988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183569781     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14227685      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11692343      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5054572      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6408950      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6208792      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3524811      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       278004      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174050      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231138988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338978     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2643344     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76649      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84012654     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1170454      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8022      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32126969     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16625042     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    133943141                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.550418                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3058971                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502154056                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149965751                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132804428                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    137002112                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241368                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1256633                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          529                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3403                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99199                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11869                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      2092508                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       3987419                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       177925                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139286540                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32932424                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16661373                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       121227                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           83                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3403                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       576594                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583387                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1159981                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133010340                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32018154                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       932801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           48641860                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17426852                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         16623706                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.546585                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            132808704                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           132804428                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        71715118                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       141270797                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.545739                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507643                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107938209                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    126845326                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12454705                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16169                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1011113                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229046480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183070621     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16762401      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7869963      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7783807      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2116387      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9058105      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676407      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       493249      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1215540      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229046480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    107938209                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    126845326                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             48237957                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            31675788                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8072                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         16750790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       112795890                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1228676                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1215540                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          367130646                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         280692803                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4398429                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              12209004                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         107938209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           126845326                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    107938209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.254512                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.254512                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.443555                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.443555                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      657593282                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     154211744                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     166276433                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              243347992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19709181                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16116852                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1924926                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8351819                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7798931                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2029609                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85893                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191392760                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            111769614                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19709181                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9828540                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23439561                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5565892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      3360416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11766969                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1940093                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    221791481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      198351920     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1273117      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2010991      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3188006      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1334032      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1497843      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1573574      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1029971      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11532027      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    221791481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.080992                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.459300                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      189647096                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5120236                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23366361                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        59520                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3598266                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3232899                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          455                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    136506931                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2943                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3598266                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      189927316                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1654467                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      2647884                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23150847                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       812699                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    136427847                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents        25803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       234850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       302950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39180                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    189394383                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    634647590                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    634647590                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    161910831                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       27483515                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        34852                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2451522                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13011400                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6989065                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211764                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1586442                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        136239285                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34949                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       129045110                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158271                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17147342                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37950837                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3371                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221791481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167367785     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21845014      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11952854      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8139678      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7610452      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2198558      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1697637      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581090      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398413      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221791481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30080     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92595     38.54%     51.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117607     48.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108104792     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2036985      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15655      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11931602      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6956076      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    129045110                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.530290                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240282                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480280250                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153422988                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126978230                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    129285392                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       389352                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2325071                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          352                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1440                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       195664                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8036                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3598266                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1099532                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116102                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136274367                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13011400                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6989065                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        85643                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1440                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1126002                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1095778                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2221780                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127216030                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11222328                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1829076                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18176856                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17903037                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6954528                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.522774                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            126979217                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           126978230                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        74244888                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       193953597                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.521797                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382797                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95105856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    116575561                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19698980                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31578                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1965749                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218193215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534277                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170866337     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22918032     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8923436      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4809130      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3602971      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2010310      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1237737      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1108685      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2716577      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218193215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     95105856                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    116575561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             17479730                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10686329                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             15754                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16733868                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       105043361                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2368222                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2716577                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          351750542                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         276147562                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3088207                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              21556511                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          95105856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           116575561                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     95105856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.558707                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.558707                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.390822                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.390822                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      573709733                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     176016111                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     127318726                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        31550                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              243347992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20036604                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16393550                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1961896                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8371697                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7892804                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2072232                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89360                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193149479                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            112000169                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20036604                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9965036                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            23389071                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5339155                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4620073                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11816248                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1963385                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    224510405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      201121334     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1091912      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1732284      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2349843      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2414291      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2043366      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1140009      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1699839      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10917527      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    224510405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082337                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.460247                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      191186776                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6599331                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        23347374                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        25514                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3351409                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3298636                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    137455528                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1992                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3351409                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      191709177                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1352102                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4048579                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        22857076                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1192059                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    137407456                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       162777                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       519784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    191750242                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    639203934                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    639203934                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    166436498                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       25313744                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        34427                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18068                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3568737                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     12871756                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      6972711                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82098                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1703208                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        137248538                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34550                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       130436092                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17799                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15028643                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35838852                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1550                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224510405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169262599     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22756664     10.14%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11522472      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8654623      3.85%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6802750      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2751723      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1735652      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904288      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       119634      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224510405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25108     11.60%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79424     36.70%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111908     51.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109705208     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1943443      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16359      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11820896      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6950186      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    130436092                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536006                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216440                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485616828                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152312271                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128471911                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    130652532                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       265007                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2059261                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          145                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          542                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94076                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3351409                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1080756                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116821                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137283228                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        33169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12871756                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6972711                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18067                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98915                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          542                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1143139                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1099038                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2242177                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128627927                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11122514                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1808165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18072427                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18283798                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          6949913                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.528576                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            128472138                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           128471911                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        73748227                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       198709413                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527935                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371136                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97021553                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    119384082                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17899177                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33000                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1986636                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221158996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172159225     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24301973     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9165273      4.14%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4368949      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3703145      1.67%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2113682      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1837000      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       836266      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2673483      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221158996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     97021553                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    119384082                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             17691130                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10812495                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16462                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17215271                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       107563724                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2458380                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2673483                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          355768096                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         277917981                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2927828                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              18837587                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          97021553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           119384082                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     97021553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.508185                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.508185                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398695                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398695                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      578932613                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     178965315                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     127417863                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        32972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              243347992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       18892101                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17048038                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       998385                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8308317                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6774609                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1045899                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44185                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200624216                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            118852214                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          18892101                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      7820508                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23512112                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       3115622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4836323                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11520417                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1003655                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    231064880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      207552768     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         840512      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1712513      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         724736      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        3913889      1.69%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3480068      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         686603      0.30%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1409061      0.61%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10744730      4.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    231064880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077634                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.488404                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      199490756                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      5981906                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23426179                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        74305                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      2091729                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1657027                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          501                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    139372274                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2745                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      2091729                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      199693939                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       4312580                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1031517                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23311249                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       623861                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    139299661                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       264911                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       225540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6103                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    163546727                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    656146950                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    656146950                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    145182109                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       18364514                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        16184                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1571625                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     32889163                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     16639016                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152271                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       805695                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        139031454                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16234                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       133775744                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69211                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10598368                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25206210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           93                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231064880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376208                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183516839     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14255349      6.17%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11684811      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5045554      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6394051      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6196496      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3520603      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277607      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173570      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231064880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338620     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2639280     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76580      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83917515     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1166139      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8008      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32082667     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16601415     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    133775744                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.549730                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3054480                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022833                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501740059                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149649490                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132633412                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    136830224                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240565                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1262459                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          569                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3439                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102619                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11849                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      2091729                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       3957328                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       175482                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139047769                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1298                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32889163                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16639016                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8176                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119186                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          137                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3439                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       588878                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       580872                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1169750                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132837132                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31973203                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       938612                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           48572986                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17401788                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         16599783                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.545873                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            132637598                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           132633412                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        71625173                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       141098186                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.545036                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507626                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107763307                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    126639311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12421402                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16141                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1020409                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228973151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183061451     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16742254      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7864657      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7767272      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2114495      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9044108      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       675847      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492211      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1210856      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228973151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    107763307                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    126639311                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             48163093                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            31626696                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8058                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16723315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       112612638                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1226535                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1210856                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          366822683                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         280213466                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4404785                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              12283112                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         107763307                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           126639311                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    107763307                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.258171                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.258171                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.442836                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.442836                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      656763654                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     154025689                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     166001999                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        16116                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              243347992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20034541                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16392398                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1960104                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8274795                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7882610                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2072044                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89204                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193076360                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            112042467                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20034541                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9954654                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23385164                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5345299                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      4629286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11812103                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1961674                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    224450540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      201065376     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1087176      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1728349      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2347859      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2411535      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2043480      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1142194      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1702971      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10921600      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    224450540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082329                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460421                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      191112408                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      6609875                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23343378                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        25520                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3359358                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3297993                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    137494183                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1995                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3359358                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      191633044                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1357071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      4052251                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        22854959                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1193854                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    137449534                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       162656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       520791                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    191816898                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    639410588                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    639410588                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    166378824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       25438052                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        34250                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17897                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3575707                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12865880                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6973740                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81819                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1703722                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        137296899                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       130433009                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17856                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15109773                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36101722                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1388                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224450540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271922                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169217205     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22747659     10.13%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11508894      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8656771      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6807784      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2752354      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1735225      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904191      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120457      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224450540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24838     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79373     36.69%     48.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112101     51.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109701092     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1945642      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16353      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11818671      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6951251      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    130433009                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.535994                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216312                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485550725                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152441583                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128471280                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    130649321                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       265043                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2057143                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          129                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          539                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97494                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3359358                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1085123                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116925                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137331417                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11017                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12865880                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6973740                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17897                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98971                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          539                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1141261                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1100271                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2241532                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128626137                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11119093                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1806871                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18070079                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18278208                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6950986                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.528569                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            128471516                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           128471280                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        73744845                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       198710344                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.527932                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     96987936                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    119342729                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17988706                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32986                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1984838                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221091182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172107068     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24292731     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9163982      4.14%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4368765      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3700220      1.67%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2113934      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1837413      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       835841      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2671228      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221091182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     96987936                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    119342729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17684983                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10808737                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16456                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17209312                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       107526455                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2457530                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2671228                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          355750713                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         278022301                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2926399                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              18897452                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          96987936                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           119342729                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     96987936                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.509054                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.509054                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.398557                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.398557                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      578922598                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     178965425                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     127459847                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        32956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              243347992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       20060355                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16414958                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1957322                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8255961                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7892516                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2072160                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89243                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193119662                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            112204711                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          20060355                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9964676                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23418089                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5348629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      4627063                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11813890                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1959181                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    224530632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      201112543     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1092923      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1735544      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2346962      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2414179      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        2041411      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1146803      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1697707      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10942560      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    224530632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082435                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461087                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      191153464                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      6609841                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23376031                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        25850                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3365445                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3301018                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    137670506                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1993                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3365445                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      191679027                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1353571                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      4053846                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        22882924                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles      1195816                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    137621221                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       163161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       521399                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    192041685                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    640248017                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    640248017                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    166507769                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       25533916                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        34125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17759                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         3575581                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12871819                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6982651                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82021                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1662248                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        137454439                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34248                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       130528863                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17890                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15194399                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36401143                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1232                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224530632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169293332     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22720909     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11496963      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8681682      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6821217      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2758520      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1734149      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904260      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       119600      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224530632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24849     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79432     36.69%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112223     51.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109777186     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1950729      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16366      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11823893      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6960689      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    130528863                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.536388                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216504                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485822752                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152683623                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128580095                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    130745367                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       267837                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2054725                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          540                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101082                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3365445                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1081563                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116735                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137488832                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        45304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12871819                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6982651                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17758                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98757                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          540                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1139833                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1100437                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2240270                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128736187                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11128081                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1792676                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 145                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18088500                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18292319                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6960419                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.529021                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            128580301                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           128580095                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        73806549                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       198880768                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.528380                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97063107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    119435137                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18053725                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33016                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1982076                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221165187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388897                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172174406     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24282765     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9172083      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4371224      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3687093      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114100      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1848594      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       835278      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2679644      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221165187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     97063107                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    119435137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             17698663                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10817094                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             16470                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17222589                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       107609759                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2459430                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2679644                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          355973729                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         278343229                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2924903                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              18817360                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          97063107                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           119435137                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     97063107                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.507111                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.507111                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.398865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.398865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      579419230                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     179110250                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     127637345                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        32988                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              243347992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       22037930                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18349774                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2000225                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8488259                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8078427                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2371902                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93320                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191779557                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            120889047                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          22037930                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10450329                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25204842                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5561937                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6581817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11905367                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911533                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    227109773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      201904931     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1545267      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1956889      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3092695      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1305412      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1680908      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1950352      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         890792      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12782527      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    227109773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090561                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496774                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      190650425                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      7820021                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25084380                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        11934                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3543011                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3353281                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          546                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    147757611                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2622                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3543011                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      190844373                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        620468                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      6659200                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24902499                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       540218                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    146842285                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        77789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       377199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    205098779                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    682911741                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    682911741                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    171801899                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       33296880                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        35657                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18618                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1901331                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13738513                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7193073                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80946                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1627971                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        143366618                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35787                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       137622578                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       125235                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17259374                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35019590                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1416                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227109773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168789178     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26600524     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10877146      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6096475      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8260372      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2537739      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2496016      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346526      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105797      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227109773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938518     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127612     10.73%     89.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122755     10.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115942520     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1882591      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17038      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12608993      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7171436      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    137622578                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.565538                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1188885                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008639                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503669049                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160662435                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134043186                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    138811463                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102552                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2572072                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          658                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97240                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           20                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3543011                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        472592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59270                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143402411                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113150                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13738513                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7193073                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18619                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51732                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          658                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1185480                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1122807                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2308287                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135223778                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12406185                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2398800                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           19577096                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19125937                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7170911                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.555681                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            134043530                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           134043186                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        80332858                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       215767194                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.550829                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372313                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99950745                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    123162666                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20240289                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34371                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2017352                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223566762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171443407     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26414375     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9586826      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4782357      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4370614      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1836863      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1816145      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865473      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2450702      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223566762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     99950745                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    123162666                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18262274                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11166441                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17146                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17852130                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       110886508                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2543286                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2450702                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          364518313                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         290348936                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2905027                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              16238219                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          99950745                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           123162666                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     99950745                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.434679                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.434679                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.410732                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.410732                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      608473737                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     187315777                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     136675264                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        34342                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              243347992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       22053146                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18359919                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1998537                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8466541                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8080377                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374757                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92852                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191805918                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            120957144                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          22053146                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10455134                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            25223829                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5565437                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      6599072                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11906688                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1909799                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    227177568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      201953739     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1548236      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1953630      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3094241      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1309097      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1685372      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1947718      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         892015      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12793520      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    227177568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090624                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.497054                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      190674585                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      7839791                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        25102908                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        12077                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3548205                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3358325                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          544                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    147875141                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2246                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3548205                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      190868878                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        621352                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      6676092                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24920705                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       542332                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    146957387                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        77946                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       378844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    205226618                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    683435747                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    683435747                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    171873844                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       33352774                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        35610                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18564                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1906242                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13771381                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7199826                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81323                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1633140                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        143482834                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35742                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       137707126                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127882                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17315938                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35217993                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1355                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227177568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168829628     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26601764     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10890838      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6097948      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8266368      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2540386      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2497946      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346756      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105934      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227177568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938197     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129767     10.90%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122822     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116005925     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1882996      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17045      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12623067      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7178093      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    137707126                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.565886                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190786                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503910488                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160835164                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134122355                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    138897912                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102704                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2600297                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          654                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101052                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           16                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3548205                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        473382                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59126                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143518582                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114423                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13771381                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7199826                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18564                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51477                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          654                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181043                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1125034                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2306077                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135309964                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12418565                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2397162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           19595987                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       19139103                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7177422                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.556035                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            134122821                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           134122355                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        80381893                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       215900684                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.551155                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372310                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99992556                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    123214120                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20305008                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34387                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2015669                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223629363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171484415     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26427192     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9589288      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4783018      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4373591      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835027      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1819438      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865981      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451413      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223629363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     99992556                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    123214120                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18269858                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11171084                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             17154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17859579                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       110932827                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2544340                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2451413                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          364696376                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         290586481                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2904670                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              16170424                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          99992556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           123214120                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     99992556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.433661                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.433661                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.410904                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.410904                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      608833918                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     187412198                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     136754273                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        34358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              243347992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       18912754                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17065519                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       991178                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7181318                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6763705                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046009                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44018                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200569789                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            118990105                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          18912754                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      7809714                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            23527636                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       3108837                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      4854444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11511552                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       996231                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    231044767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      207517131     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         838628      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1714703      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         723147      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        3913973      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3479784      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         676739      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1411620      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10769042      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    231044767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077719                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.488971                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      199438501                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5997863                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        23441414                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        74589                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      2092395                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1660422                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          503                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    139521742                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2753                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      2092395                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      199641357                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       4332930                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1028436                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23327229                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       622415                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    139449885                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          109                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       265136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       225774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4047                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    163710337                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    656837977                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    656837977                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    145325347                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       18384984                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        16199                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1567784                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     32910186                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     16652469                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151543                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       807195                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        139182008                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16249                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       133872096                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69879                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10654905                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25491228                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           92                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231044767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183493725     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14229696      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11685478      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5052124      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6404248      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6204746      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3522907      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277836      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174007      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231044767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339133     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2641504     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76526      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83971796     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1169514      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8016      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32106940     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16615830     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    133872096                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.550126                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3057163                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501916001                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149856576                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132732020                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    136929259                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       239924                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1252587                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          538                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3422                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99916                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11857                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      2092395                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       3980241                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       176982                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139198342                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1447                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32910186                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16652469                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8183                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       120517                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           77                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3422                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       578736                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       584218                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1162954                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132936606                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31997761                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       935490                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           48612227                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17416750                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         16614466                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.546282                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            132736185                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           132732020                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        71676498                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       141188759                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.545441                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507664                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107869269                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    126763904                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12447928                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16157                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1012958                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228952372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183003253     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16753780      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7865598      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7779521      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2114946      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9052568      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       675857      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492193      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1214656      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228952372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    107869269                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    126763904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             48210144                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            31657596                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8066                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         16739820                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       112723414                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1227756                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1214656                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          366949223                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         280516288                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4397791                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              12303225                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         107869269                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           126763904                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    107869269                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.255953                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.255953                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.443272                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.443272                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      657227582                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     154132281                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     166177005                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16132                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              243347992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19712193                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16121444                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1922809                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8360757                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7800852                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030987                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85552                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191425251                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            111792671                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19712193                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9831839                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            23445533                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5558055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3348288                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11766711                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1937933                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    221812213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615915                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      198366680     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1272083      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2014887      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3190806      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1332285      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1497455      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1574008      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1029245      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11534764      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    221812213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081004                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.459394                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      189678952                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5108513                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        23372913                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        59171                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3592662                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3231277                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          456                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    136533803                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2962                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3592662                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      189959469                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1661840                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2628790                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23156966                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       812484                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    136455090                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents        25234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       235509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       302860                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents        38824                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    189453237                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    634790674                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    634790674                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    162010044                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       27443193                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        34773                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2451251                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     13012239                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6991588                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212055                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1586956                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        136266467                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34868                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       129089157                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158311                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17100606                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37877967                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3274                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221812213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167367892     75.45%     75.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21852809      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11961585      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8139931      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7613353      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2198268      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1698927      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       580513      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398935      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221812213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30119     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92979     38.63%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117576     48.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108138389     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2038019      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15664      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11938501      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6958584      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    129089157                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530471                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240674                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480389512                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153403344                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127022882                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    129329831                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       392888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2319346                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          325                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1435                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       194042                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8025                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3592662                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1104187                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116837                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136301467                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52854                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13012239                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6991588                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19086                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86406                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1435                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1126442                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1093687                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2220129                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127260801                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11229164                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1828356                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           18186224                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17909677                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6957060                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.522958                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            127023817                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           127022882                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        74272025                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       194010910                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.521980                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382824                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95164156                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    116647090                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19654576                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31594                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1963526                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218219551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170864450     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22931153     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8931211      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4809415      2.20%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3605984      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2010711      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1238554      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1108129      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2719944      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218219551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     95164156                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    116647090                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             17490439                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            10692893                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             15762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         16744174                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       105107804                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2369687                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2719944                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          351800636                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         276196180                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3086604                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              21535779                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          95164156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           116647090                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     95164156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.557139                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.557139                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.391062                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.391062                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      573920357                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     176088251                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     127349523                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        31566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              243347992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       20053309                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16408326                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1957874                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8222346                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7885833                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2072278                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89298                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193089533                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            112172533                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          20053309                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9958111                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23409906                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5351223                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      4631094                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11812611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1959764                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    224498398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      201088492     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1091247      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1732937      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2347799      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2413216      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2042892      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1142803      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1699048      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10939964      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    224498398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082406                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460955                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      191127472                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      6609862                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23367932                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        25638                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3367493                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3300835                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    137633193                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1995                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3367493                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      191650251                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1365862                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      4044309                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        22877548                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1192932                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    137586580                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       162715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       520213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    191998965                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    640079460                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    640079460                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    166458431                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       25540534                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        34102                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17739                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         3570994                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12870865                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6980023                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81990                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1666077                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        137425402                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34219                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       130499735                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17793                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15193424                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36413744                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1216                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224498398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169273520     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22713909     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11496780      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8680707      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6820861      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2753059      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1735365      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904360      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       119837      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224498398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24820     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79440     36.71%     48.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112144     51.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109753464     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1949999      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16361      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11821978      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6957933      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    130499735                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.536268                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216404                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485732065                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152653583                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128544343                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    130716139                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       266944                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2056968                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          138                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          542                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100497                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3367493                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1095020                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116594                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137459765                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        34940                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12870865                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6980023                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17740                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98550                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          542                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1139740                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1100272                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2240012                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128700767                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11124233                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1798968                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           18081899                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18287754                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6957666                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.528875                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            128544553                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           128544343                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        73787835                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       198828012                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.528233                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371114                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97034333                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    119399785                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18060018                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33003                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1982624                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221130905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172153582     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24276936     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9168778      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4372156      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3683933      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2112599      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1848918      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       835434      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2678569      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221130905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     97034333                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    119399785                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             17693423                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10813897                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             16464                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17217534                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       107577868                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2458702                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2678569                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          355911463                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         278287158                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2925041                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              18849594                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          97034333                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           119399785                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     97034333                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.507855                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.507855                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.398747                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.398747                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      579251582                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     179063051                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     127598960                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        32974                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              243347992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       18922918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17074808                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       990672                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7153895                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6767065                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046640                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43821                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200634963                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            119046236                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          18922918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      7813705                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23538525                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       3109622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      4865327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11514757                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       995665                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    231133043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      207594518     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         838721      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1716240      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         723894      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        3914329      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3480783      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         677448      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1413212      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10773898      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    231133043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077761                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.489202                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      199498629                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      6013819                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23452356                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        74512                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      2093722                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1661246                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          506                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    139587639                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2760                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      2093722                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      199703685                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       4346462                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1028263                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23336285                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       624621                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    139514635                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          100                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       265541                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       226977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3228                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    163793471                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    657138230                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    657138230                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    145385021                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       18408427                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        16195                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1578229                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     32922117                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     16658403                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152397                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       807746                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        139244657                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16245                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       133923580                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69750                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10671426                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25540265                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           80                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231133043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183566579     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14231425      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11691100      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5052761      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6407394      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6206401      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3525783      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277407      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174193      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231133043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339231     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2642453     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76539      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84004034     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1170246      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8020      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32119416     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16621864     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    133923580                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.550338                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3058223                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502108176                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149935740                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132784498                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    136981803                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241062                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1254284                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          547                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3420                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100381                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11853                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      2093722                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       3993125                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       177409                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139260984                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1414                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32922117                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16658403                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       120747                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           77                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3420                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       578046                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583646                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1161692                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132989996                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32010934                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       933584                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           48631450                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17424574                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         16620516                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.546501                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            132788778                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           132784498                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        71703504                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       141244014                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.545657                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507657                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107910878                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    126813259                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12461020                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1012432                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229039321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183071386     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16760782      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7869681      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7782144      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2115681      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9056019      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676169      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492822      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1214637      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229039321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    107910878                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    126813259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             48225848                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            31667826                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8070                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16746531                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       112767404                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1228368                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1214637                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          367098638                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         280642532                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4399223                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              12214949                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         107910878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           126813259                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    107910878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.255083                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.255083                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.443443                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.443443                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      657486874                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     154194175                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     166250953                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        16140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              243347992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19758513                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16202658                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1940249                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8268083                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7729674                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2031024                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87525                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188836387                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            112278312                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19758513                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9760698                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24709347                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5488500                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      6316483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11632348                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1924912                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    223380408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      198671061     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        2679354      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        3107351      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        1707291      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1953973      0.87%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1084697      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         734936      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1911772      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11529973      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    223380408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081194                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461390                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      187301893                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      7879869                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24502643                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       195917                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3500084                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3206923                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        18109                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    137065921                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        89505                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3500084                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      187601391                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2783970                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      4257785                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24411427                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       825749                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    136982504                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       210780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       385148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    190412529                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    637792419                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    637792419                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    162799193                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       27613306                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        36215                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20340                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2205268                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13075846                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7125889                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186513                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1574278                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        136788126                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36295                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       129367970                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       178476                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16925747                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38994966                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4317                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223380408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168854811     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21942683      9.82%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11788475      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8152324      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7121049      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3640743      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       885786      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       567558      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       426979      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223380408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34654     12.43%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118690     42.57%     55.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125467     45.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108294032     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2021423      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15854      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11961495      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7075166      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    129367970                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.531617                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            278811                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482573634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153751396                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127221093                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    129646781                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       326372                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2288407                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          789                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1231                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       146249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7928                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3500084                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2313793                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       141549                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136824544                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49061                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13075846                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7125889                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20323                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100084                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1231                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1128169                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1085111                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2213280                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127455863                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11235505                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1912106                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18309066                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17841768                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7073561                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523760                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            127223204                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           127221093                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        75620587                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       198005598                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522795                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381911                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95600428                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    117290282                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19535443                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31978                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1951411                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219880324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171966103     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22217703     10.10%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9310218      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5599768      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3871174      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2505443      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1296625      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1045142      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2068148      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219880324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     95600428                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    117290282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             17767079                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10787439                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16786228                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       105741968                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2386297                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2068148                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          354637251                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         277151622                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2893435                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              19967584                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          95600428                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           117290282                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     95600428                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.545470                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.545470                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.392855                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.392855                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      574979079                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     176585750                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     127932796                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        31948                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              243347992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18922341                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17074658                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       989874                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7211568                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6767934                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046840                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43886                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200621141                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            119041098                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18922341                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      7814774                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            23538511                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       3107517                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      4857661                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11513520                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       994928                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    231110235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      207571724     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         838617      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1717670      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         723406      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        3914422      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3480659      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         676704      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1412251      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10774782      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    231110235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077758                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.489181                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      199485446                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      6005642                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        23452038                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        74685                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      2092419                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1660802                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          504                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    139583778                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2756                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      2092419                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      199689291                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       4340405                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1027770                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23337151                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       623194                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    139511347                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       265997                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       225803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3480                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    163783681                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    657126651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    657126651                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    145388258                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       18395417                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        16198                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8176                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1573168                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     32924192                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores     16658591                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151986                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       808954                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        139242880                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16247                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       133917855                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10669839                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25556359                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           82                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231110235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183543076     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14232899      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11691674      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5053634      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6406486      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6205816      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3525108      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277302      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174240      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231110235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339360     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2642208     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76561      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83998324     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1170039      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8020      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32119400     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16622072     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    133917855                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.550314                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3058129                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502073894                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149932368                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132779168                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    136975984                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241143                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1254956                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          559                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3409                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99864                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11862                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      2092419                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       3986836                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       177562                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139259215                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1372                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32924192                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16658591                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8177                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       120912                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           87                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3409                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       577668                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583224                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1160892                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132984401                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32011246                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       933454                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           48631958                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17423217                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores         16620712                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.546478                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            132783436                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           132779168                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        71702563                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       141246365                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.545635                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.507642                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107913971                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    126816775                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12456027                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1011630                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229017816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183048283     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16763288      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7868356      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7782669      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2115199      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9055546      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676320      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492918      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1215237      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229017816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    107913971                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    126816775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             48227955                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            31669233                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8070                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         16746954                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       112770497                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1228368                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      1215237                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          367075056                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         280638258                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4398081                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              12237757                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         107913971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           126816775                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    107913971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.255018                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.255018                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.443455                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.443455                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      657466638                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     154184180                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     166246612                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        16140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              243347992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19707869                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16115441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1923748                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8353766                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7799105                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030393                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85566                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191410769                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            111766998                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19707869                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9829498                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23437940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5561331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3354686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11766746                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1938801                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    221798817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      198360877     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1270979      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2010461      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3189407      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1332888      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1496800      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1574933      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1032543      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11529929      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    221798817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.080986                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.459289                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      189665038                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5114255                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23365028                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        59550                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3594944                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3233145                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          453                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    136509960                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2961                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3594944                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      189944684                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1659014                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2635218                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23150562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       814393                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    136432212                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        26272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       235902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       303059                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        40599                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    189403573                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    634677668                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    634677668                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    161946864                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       27456709                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        34781                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19120                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2450722                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13012426                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6990705                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211629                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1589607                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        136245235                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34880                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       129056544                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       159401                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17128152                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37944735                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3299                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221798817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167368065     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21851169      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11952165      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8139744      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7610939      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2199062      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1699162      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       580313      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398198      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221798817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30232     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92824     38.55%     51.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117730     48.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108111491     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2037258      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15658      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11935102      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6957035      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    129056544                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530337                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240786                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480312092                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153409679                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126988814                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    129297330                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       389083                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2323748                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          345                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1439                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       195824                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8056                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3594944                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1103939                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116630                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136280254                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13012426                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6990705                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86106                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1439                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1126796                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1094190                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2220986                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127227354                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11224037                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1829190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           18179402                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17905695                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6955365                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522821                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            126989794                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           126988814                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        74248037                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       193968942                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521840                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382783                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95126891                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    116601450                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19678993                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31581                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1964508                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218203873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534369                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170866036     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22923947     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8926724      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4807622      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3604676      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2010975      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1237192      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1109150      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2717551      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218203873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     95126891                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    116601450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             17483559                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10688678                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             15756                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16737623                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       105066662                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2368757                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2717551                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          351766128                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         276156014                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3087272                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              21549175                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          95126891                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           116601450                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     95126891                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.558141                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.558141                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390909                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390909                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      573757685                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     176033025                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     127317378                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        31552                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         349891                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.460271                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2760291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         382635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           7.213901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           173.029220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.027907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   917.185319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.908387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2440.764158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.655286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1987.963006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.927875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1139.681141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.660392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  2408.373740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.500829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1173.112372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.935838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1163.643021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.684479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   939.571578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.683347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   930.674958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.827487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2433.883632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.006994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1942.663583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.883157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1156.077276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.748615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2429.471210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.873160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1570.515309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.779913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  2456.381686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.756115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1979.341011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           296.298880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           378.470112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           377.882863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           319.855063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           401.802655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           279.028059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           302.078168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           265.312139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           275.701487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           366.811178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           401.934773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           300.920741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           389.890982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           374.927881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           361.771205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           382.582085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.005280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.027990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.074486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.060668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.034780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.073498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.035801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.035512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.028673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.028402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.074276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.059285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.035281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.074142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.047928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.074963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.060405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.009042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.011550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.011532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.009761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.012262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.008515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.009219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.008097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.008414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.011194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.012266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.009183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.011899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.011442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.011675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        46789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        25784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        46699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        25445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        24285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        24413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        46340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        25620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        46773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        46564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  565986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           174952                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                174952                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          202                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2090                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        46862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        25929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        46774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        25589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        24489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        24619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        46406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        41056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        25766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        46847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        46639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   568076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24821                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        46862                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40928                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        25929                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        46774                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        25589                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25907                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        24489                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        24619                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        46406                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        41056                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        25766                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        46847                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34447                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        46639                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40970                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  568076                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        31585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                349733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        31585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 349749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10561                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13785                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31248                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14102                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13819                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10856                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10731                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31712                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28281                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13947                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        31585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28346                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                349749                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5627438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1729614965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5943396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5092589953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5783261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4628650178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6300945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2243891029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6000449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5081411331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6230259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2297867611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5988405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2249492468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5668402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1778799769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5469524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1758421673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5862317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5159869316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5829690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4636971602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6254015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2275028935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6488488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5090363251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5687484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3151621135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6073038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5126825833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5671805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4637456266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57033754231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       307929                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1422734                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       131048                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       572652                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       2434363                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5627438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1729614965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5943396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5092897882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5783261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4628650178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6300945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2243891029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6000449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5081411331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6230259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2297867611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5988405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2249492468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5668402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1778799769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5469524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1758421673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5862317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5161292050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5829690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4636971602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6254015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2275028935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6488488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5090494299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5687484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3152193787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6073038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5126825833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5671805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4637456266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      57036188594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5627438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1729614965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5943396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5092897882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5783261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4628650178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6300945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2243891029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6000449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5081411331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6230259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2297867611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5988405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2249492468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5668402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1778799769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5469524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1758421673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5862317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5161292050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5829690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4636971602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6254015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2275028935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6488488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5090494299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5687484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3152193787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6073038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5126825833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5671805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4637456266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     57036188594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        78181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        69042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        77947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        39583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        35144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        78043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        69208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        39567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        53453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        78149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        69187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              915719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       174952                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            174952                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          202                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          204                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2106                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        78256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        69171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        39726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        35350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        78118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        69337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        39713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        53607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        78224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        69316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               917825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        78256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        69171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        39726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        35350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        78118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        69337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        39713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        53607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        78224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        69316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              917825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.300199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.401530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.409070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.400888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.308927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.305344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.406225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.408638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.401329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.358371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.404164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.409701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.381922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.026667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.120000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.013333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.025974                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.007597                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.298485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.401171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.408307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.400502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.307144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.303564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.405950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.407877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.400956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.403776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.381063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.298485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.401171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.408307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.400502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.307144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.303564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.405950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.407877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.400956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.403776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.381063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148090.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163773.787047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148584.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162225.724802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152191.078947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163886.633077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153681.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162777.731520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153857.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162615.569988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155756.475000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162946.221174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149710.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162782.579637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153200.054054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163854.068626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147824.972973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163863.728730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150315.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162756.499890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153412.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163960.666242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156350.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163119.590951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158255.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162346.140998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153715.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164523.968208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151825.950000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162318.373690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149258.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163601.787413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163077.988726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153964.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 158081.555556                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       131048                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       143163                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152147.687500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148090.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163773.787047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148584.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162225.198509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152191.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163886.633077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153681.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162777.731520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153857.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162615.569988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155756.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162946.221174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149710.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162782.579637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153200.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163854.068626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147824.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163863.728730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150315.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162755.173121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153412.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163960.666242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156350.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163119.590951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158255.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162345.142843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153715.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164519.508716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151825.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162318.373690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149258.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163601.787413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163077.488696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148090.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163773.787047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148584.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162225.198509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152191.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163886.633077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153681.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162777.731520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153857.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162615.569988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155756.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162946.221174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149710.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162782.579637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153200.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163854.068626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147824.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163863.728730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150315.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162755.173121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153412.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163960.666242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156350.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163119.590951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158255.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162345.142843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153715.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164519.508716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151825.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162318.373690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149258.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163601.787413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163077.488696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                88046                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     88046                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        31585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           349733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             16                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        31585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            349749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        31585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           349749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3415535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1114668184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3615582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3265816660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3573910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2984147807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3915594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1441216275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3730657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3262595623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3905474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1476784558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3663410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1444844830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3517428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1146694301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3314588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1133578928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3592666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3314594848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3619063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2990172089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3930982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1462917859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4102973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3265617157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3529059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2036068914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3748000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3288658575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3456095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2987062312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36674069936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       191703                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       898750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        72748                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       339484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1502685                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3415535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1114668184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3615582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3266008363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3573910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2984147807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3915594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1441216275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3730657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3262595623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3905474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1476784558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3663410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1444844830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3517428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1146694301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3314588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1133578928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3592666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3315493598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3619063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2990172089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3930982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1462917859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4102973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3265689905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3529059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2036408398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3748000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3288658575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3456095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2987062312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36675572621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3415535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1114668184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3615582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3266008363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3573910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2984147807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3915594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1441216275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3730657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3262595623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3905474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1476784558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3663410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1444844830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3517428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1146694301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3314588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1133578928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3592666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3315493598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3619063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2990172089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3930982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1462917859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4102973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3265689905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3529059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2036408398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3288658575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3456095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2987062312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36675572621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.300199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.401530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.409070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.400888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.308927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.305344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.406225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.408638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.401329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.358371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.404164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.409701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.381922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.026667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.120000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.013333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.025974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.298485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.401171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.408307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.400502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.307144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.303564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.405950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.407877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.400956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.403776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.381063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.298485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.401171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.408307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.400502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.307144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.303564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.405950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.407877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.400956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.403776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.381063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89882.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105545.704384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90389.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104033.405326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94050.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105659.731863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95502.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104549.602829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95657.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104409.742159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97636.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104721.639342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91585.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104554.948260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95065.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105627.699060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 89583.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105635.907930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92119.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104551.457212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95238.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105730.776458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98274.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104891.220979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100072.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104149.805677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95379.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106288.834517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        93700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104120.898369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90949.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105378.618218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104863.052489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95851.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99861.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        72748                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        84871                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93917.812500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89882.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105545.704384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90389.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104032.884086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94050.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105659.731863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95502.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104549.602829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95657.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104409.742159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97636.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104721.639342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91585.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104554.948260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95065.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105627.699060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 89583.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105635.907930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92119.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104550.126072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95238.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105730.776458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98274.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104891.220979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100072.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104148.804216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95379.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106284.363152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        93700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104120.898369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90949.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105378.618218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104862.551776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89882.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105545.704384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90389.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104032.884086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94050.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105659.731863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95502.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104549.602829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95657.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104409.742159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97636.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104721.639342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91585.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104554.948260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95065.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105627.699060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 89583.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105635.907930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92119.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104550.126072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95238.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105730.776458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98274.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104891.220979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100072.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104148.804216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95379.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106284.363152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        93700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104120.898369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90949.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105378.618218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104862.551776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              494.486598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011917163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2044277.096970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    39.486598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.063280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11909063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11909063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11909063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11909063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11909063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11909063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8262259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8262259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8262259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8262259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8262259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8262259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11909114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11909114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11909114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11909114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11909114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11909114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162005.078431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162005.078431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162005.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162005.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162005.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162005.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6630304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6630304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6630304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6630304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6630304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6630304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165757.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165757.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165757.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165757.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165757.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165757.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35382                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163367394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4584.078624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.479395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.520605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9502795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9502795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16565402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16565402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16565402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16565402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2012                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2012                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        92713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        92713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9754125692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9754125692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    133510375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    133510375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9887636067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9887636067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9887636067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9887636067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9593496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9593496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18416                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18416                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16658115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16658115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16658115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16658115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107541.545209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107541.545209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66357.045229                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66357.045229                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106647.784744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106647.784744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106647.784744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106647.784744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        83561                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 27853.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1810                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1810                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57331                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57331                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3489887762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3489887762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15266354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15266354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3505154116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3505154116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3505154116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3505154116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99200.902843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99200.902843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 75576.009901                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75576.009901                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99066.025550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99066.025550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99066.025550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99066.025550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              580.285266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1039229122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1779501.921233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.814245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.471021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.062202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11513801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11513801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11513801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11513801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11513801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11513801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8371892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8371892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8371892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8371892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8371892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8371892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11513852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11513852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11513852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11513852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11513852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11513852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164154.745098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164154.745098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164154.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164154.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164154.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164154.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6863337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6863337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6863337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6863337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6863337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6863337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167398.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167398.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167398.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167398.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167398.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167398.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                78256                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              447510615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                78512                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5699.900843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.908111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.091889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     30213726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30213726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16545545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16545545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8082                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8082                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8072                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8072                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     46759271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       46759271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     46759271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      46759271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       277743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       277743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          246                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          246                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       277989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       277989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       277989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       277989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  33546407590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33546407590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     22206318                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22206318                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  33568613908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33568613908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  33568613908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33568613908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     30491469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30491469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16545791                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16545791                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8082                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8082                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8072                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8072                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     47037260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47037260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     47037260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47037260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120782.189254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120782.189254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 90269.585366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90269.585366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120755.187824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120755.187824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120755.187824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120755.187824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           14898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       199562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       199733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       199733                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199733                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        78181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        78256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        78256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8715618115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8715618115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5536846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5536846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8721154961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8721154961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8721154961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8721154961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111480.003006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111480.003006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 73824.613333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73824.613333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111443.914345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111443.914345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111443.914345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111443.914345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              527.640235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1014434599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1917645.744802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    37.640235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.060321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11766918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11766918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11766918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11766918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11766918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11766918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8145489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8145489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8145489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8145489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8145489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8145489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11766969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11766969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11766969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11766969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11766969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11766969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159715.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159715.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159715.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159715.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159715.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159715.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6419020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6419020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6419020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6419020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6419020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6419020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164590.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164590.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164590.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164590.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164590.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164590.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                69171                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              180342952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                69427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              2597.591024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.151122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.848878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.914653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.085347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8162033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8162033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6760751                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6760751                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18985                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18985                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14922784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       14922784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14922784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      14922784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       175850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       175850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          779                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          779                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       176629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       176629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       176629                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       176629                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21650867086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21650867086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     67922543                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67922543                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21718789629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21718789629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21718789629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21718789629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8337883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8337883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6761530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6761530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18985                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18985                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        15775                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15775                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15099413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15099413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15099413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15099413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123121.223122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123121.223122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 87191.967908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87191.967908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122962.761659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122962.761659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122962.761659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122962.761659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8728                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8728                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       106808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       107458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       107458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        69042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        69171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        69171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7675720192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7675720192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8791426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8791426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7684511618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7684511618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7684511618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7684511618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111174.650097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111174.650097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 68150.589147                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68150.589147                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111094.412658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111094.412658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111094.412658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111094.412658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.278146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1008728666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1943600.512524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    43.278146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.069356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11816195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11816195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11816195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11816195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11816195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11816195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10206064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10206064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10206064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10206064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10206064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10206064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11816248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11816248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11816248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11816248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11816248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11816248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 192567.245283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192567.245283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 192567.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192567.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 192567.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192567.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8394734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8394734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8394734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8394734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8394734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8394734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190789.409091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190789.409091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190789.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190789.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190789.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190789.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                39714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              165638932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                39970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4144.081361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.551358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.448642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8132802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8132802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6846108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6846108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14978910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       14978910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14978910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      14978910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       127168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          848                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          848                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       128016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       128016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       128016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       128016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15727235902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15727235902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     73873613                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73873613                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15801109515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15801109515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15801109515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15801109515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8259970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8259970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6846956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6846956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15106926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15106926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15106926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15106926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123672.904363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123672.904363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 87115.109670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87115.109670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123430.739244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123430.739244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123430.739244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123430.739244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        87599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        88302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        88302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4125153647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4125153647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9843383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9843383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4134997030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4134997030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4134997030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4134997030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104252.158179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104252.158179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67885.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67885.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104119.379312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104119.379312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104119.379312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104119.379312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              578.597586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1039235686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1782565.499142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.485261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.112324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.060073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11520365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11520365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11520365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11520365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11520365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11520365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8668629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8668629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8668629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8668629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8668629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8668629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11520417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11520417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11520417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11520417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11520417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11520417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166704.403846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166704.403846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166704.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166704.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166704.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166704.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6915895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6915895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6915895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6915895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6915895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6915895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172897.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172897.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172897.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172897.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172897.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172897.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                78021                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              447444638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                78277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5716.169986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.906153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.093847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     30173523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30173523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16519797                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16519797                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8070                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8070                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8058                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8058                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     46693320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       46693320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     46693320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      46693320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       276059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       276059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       276309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       276309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       276309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       276309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33403225912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33403225912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     22332297                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22332297                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33425558209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33425558209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33425558209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33425558209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     30449582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30449582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16520047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16520047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8070                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8070                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8058                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8058                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     46969629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46969629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     46969629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46969629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121000.314831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121000.314831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 89329.188000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89329.188000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120971.659298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120971.659298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120971.659298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120971.659298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           15142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       198111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       198111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       198286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       198286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       198286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       198286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        77948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        78023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        78023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8682005935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8682005935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5489417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5489417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8687495352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8687495352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8687495352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8687495352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111382.023079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111382.023079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 73192.226667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73192.226667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111345.312946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111345.312946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111345.312946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111345.312946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              517.064531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1008724523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1947344.638996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    42.064531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.067411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11812052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11812052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11812052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11812052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11812052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11812052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9740671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9740671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9740671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9740671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9740671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9740671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11812103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11812103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11812103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11812103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11812103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11812103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 190993.549020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190993.549020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 190993.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190993.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 190993.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190993.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8191404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8191404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8191404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8191404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8191404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8191404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 190497.767442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190497.767442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 190497.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190497.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 190497.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190497.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                39691                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              165634065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                39947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4146.345533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.549873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.450127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8130471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8130471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6843741                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6843741                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17777                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17777                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14974212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       14974212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14974212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      14974212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       127103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       127943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       127943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       127943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       127943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15832890671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15832890671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     72948086                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72948086                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15905838757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15905838757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15905838757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15905838757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8257574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8257574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6844581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6844581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15102155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15102155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15102155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15102155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124567.403374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124567.403374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86842.959524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86842.959524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124319.726417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124319.726417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124319.726417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124319.726417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8353                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8353                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        87556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        88252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        88252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4157900150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4157900150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9743269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9743269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4167643419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4167643419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4167643419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4167643419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105138.193795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105138.193795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 67661.590278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67661.590278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105002.227684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105002.227684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105002.227684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105002.227684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              517.318612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1008726306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1947348.081081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    42.318612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.067818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11813835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11813835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11813835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11813835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11813835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11813835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9959826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9959826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9959826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9959826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9959826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9959826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11813890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11813890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11813890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11813890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11813890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11813890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 181087.745455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181087.745455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 181087.745455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181087.745455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 181087.745455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181087.745455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8003220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8003220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8003220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8003220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8003220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8003220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 186121.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186121.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 186121.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186121.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 186121.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186121.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                39726                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              165643503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                39982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4142.951903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.551277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.448723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.912310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.087690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8134727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8134727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6849046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6849046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17638                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17638                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14983773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       14983773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14983773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      14983773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       127209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       128041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       128041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       128041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       128041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15733929577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15733929577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     72968108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72968108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15806897685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15806897685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15806897685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15806897685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8261936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8261936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6849878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6849878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17638                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17638                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16494                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16494                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15111814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15111814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15111814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15111814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123685.663569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123685.663569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 87702.052885                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87702.052885                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123451.844995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123451.844995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123451.844995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123451.844995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        87626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        88315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        88315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        39583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        39726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        39726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4128104864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4128104864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9803993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9803993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4137908857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4137908857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4137908857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4137908857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104289.843216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104289.843216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 68559.391608                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68559.391608                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104161.225822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104161.225822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104161.225822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104161.225822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              493.508017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1011913414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2048407.720648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.508017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.061712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11905314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11905314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11905314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11905314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11905314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11905314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8780505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8780505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8780505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8780505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8780505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8780505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11905367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11905367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11905367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11905367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11905367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11905367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165669.905660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165669.905660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165669.905660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165669.905660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165669.905660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165669.905660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6730374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6730374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6730374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6730374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6730374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6730374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 172573.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172573.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 172573.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172573.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 172573.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172573.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                35345                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              163359188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                35601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4588.612342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.485117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.514883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9498197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9498197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7059078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7059078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18347                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18347                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16557275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       16557275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16557275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      16557275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        90757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2060                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2060                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        92817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        92817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        92817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        92817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9859403625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9859403625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    137569061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137569061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9996972686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9996972686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9996972686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9996972686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9588954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9588954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7061138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7061138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18347                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18347                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16650092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16650092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16650092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16650092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108635.186542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108635.186542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 66781.097573                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66781.097573                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107706.268097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107706.268097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107706.268097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107706.268097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       193082                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 32180.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        55616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        57472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        57472                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57472                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3519751285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3519751285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15544439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15544439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3535295724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3535295724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3535295724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3535295724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100160.817421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100160.817421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76198.230392                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76198.230392                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100022.513057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100022.513057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100022.513057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100022.513057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              493.582962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1011914737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2048410.398785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.582962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.061832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11906637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11906637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11906637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11906637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11906637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11906637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8256185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8256185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8256185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8256185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8256185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8256185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11906688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11906688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11906688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11906688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11906688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11906688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161885.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161885.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161885.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161885.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161885.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161885.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6473054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6473054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6473054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6473054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6473054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6473054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165975.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165975.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165975.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165975.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165975.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165975.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                35350                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              163373327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                35606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4588.365079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.482463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.517537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9509468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9509468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7062000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18285                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18285                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16571468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       16571468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16571468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      16571468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        90658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        92722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        92722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        92722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        92722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9806771701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9806771701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    137136195                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137136195                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9943907896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9943907896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9943907896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9943907896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      9600126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9600126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7064064                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064064                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16664190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16664190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16664190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16664190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108173.263264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108173.263264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66441.954942                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66441.954942                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107244.320614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107244.320614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107244.320614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107244.320614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       108617                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 27154.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7835                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            7835                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        55514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        57372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        57372                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57372                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        35144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        35350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        35350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3505132319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3505132319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15811002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15811002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3520943321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3520943321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3520943321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3520943321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99736.294076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99736.294076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 76752.436893                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76752.436893                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99602.357030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99602.357030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99602.357030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99602.357030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              579.526318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1039226824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1782550.298456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.490174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   542.036144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.060080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.868648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11511503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11511503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11511503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11511503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11511503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11511503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8066535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8066535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8066535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8066535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8066535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8066535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11511552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11511552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11511552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11511552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11511552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11511552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164623.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164623.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164623.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164623.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164623.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164623.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6738494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6738494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6738494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6738494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6738494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6738494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168462.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168462.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168462.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168462.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168462.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168462.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                78118                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              447483912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                78374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5709.596448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.905860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.094140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     30196645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30196645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16535935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16535935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8076                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8076                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8066                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8066                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     46732580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       46732580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     46732580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      46732580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       276847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       276847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          247                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          247                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       277094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       277094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       277094                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       277094                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33549895191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33549895191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     24717993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24717993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33574613184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33574613184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33574613184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33574613184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     30473492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30473492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16536182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16536182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8076                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8076                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8066                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8066                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     47009674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47009674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     47009674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47009674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121185.691703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121185.691703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100072.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100072.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121166.871834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121166.871834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121166.871834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121166.871834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           14565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       198804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       198804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       198976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       198976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       198976                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       198976                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        78043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        78118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        78118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8741908750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8741908750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6267647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6267647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8748176397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8748176397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8748176397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8748176397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112014.001896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112014.001896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 83568.626667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83568.626667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111986.691889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111986.691889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111986.691889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111986.691889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              527.621025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1014434340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1917645.255198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    37.621025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.060290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11766659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11766659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11766659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11766659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11766659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11766659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8260645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8260645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8260645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8260645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8260645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8260645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11766711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11766711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11766711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11766711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11766711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11766711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158858.557692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158858.557692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158858.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158858.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158858.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158858.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6419717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6419717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6419717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6419717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6419717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6419717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164608.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164608.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164608.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164608.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164608.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164608.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                69337                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              180348495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                69593                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              2591.474645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.152862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.847138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.914660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.085340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8163518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8163518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6764875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6764875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        15783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14928393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       14928393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14928393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      14928393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       176250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          783                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          783                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       177033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       177033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       177033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       177033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21654625205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21654625205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     66256225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66256225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21720881430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21720881430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21720881430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21720881430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8339768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8339768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6765658                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6765658                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        15783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15105426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15105426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15105426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15105426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122863.121730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122863.121730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84618.422733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84618.422733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122693.969091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122693.969091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122693.969091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122693.969091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8380                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8380                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       107042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       107042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       107696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       107696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        69208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        69337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        69337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7686028360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7686028360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8523028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8523028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7694551388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7694551388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7694551388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7694551388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111056.935036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111056.935036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66069.984496                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66069.984496                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110973.237781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110973.237781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110973.237781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110973.237781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              517.064365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1008725028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1947345.613900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    42.064365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.067411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11812557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11812557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11812557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11812557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11812557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11812557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10253064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10253064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10253064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10253064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10253064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10253064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11812611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11812611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11812611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11812611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11812611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11812611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 189871.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189871.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 189871.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189871.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 189871.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189871.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8283287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8283287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8283287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8283287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8283287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8283287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192634.581395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192634.581395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192634.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192634.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192634.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192634.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                39713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              165639367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                39969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4144.195927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.548878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.451122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8132681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8132681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6846991                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6846991                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17610                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17610                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14979672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       14979672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14979672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      14979672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       127076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          853                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          853                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       127929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       127929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       127929                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       127929                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15814326205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15814326205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     74458187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74458187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15888784392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15888784392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15888784392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15888784392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8259757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8259757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6847844                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6847844                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15107601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15107601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15107601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15107601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 124447.780895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124447.780895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87289.785463                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87289.785463                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 124200.020261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124200.020261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 124200.020261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124200.020261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        87509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        88216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        88216                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88216                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        39567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        39713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        39713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4142151579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4142151579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9888293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9888293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4152039872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4152039872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4152039872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4152039872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104687.026537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104687.026537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 67728.034247                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67728.034247                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104551.151311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104551.151311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104551.151311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104551.151311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              580.002110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1039230026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1776461.582906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    39.774143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   540.227967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.063741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.865750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11514705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11514705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11514705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11514705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11514705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11514705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9078618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9078618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9078618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9078618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9078618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9078618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11514757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11514757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11514757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11514757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11514757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11514757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174588.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174588.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174588.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174588.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174588.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174588.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7695785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7695785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7695785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7695785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7695785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7695785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183232.976190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183232.976190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183232.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183232.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183232.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183232.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                78203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              447500339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                78459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              5703.620222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.908590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.091410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     30207592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30207592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16541403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16541403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8084                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8084                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     46748995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       46748995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     46748995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      46748995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       277301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       277301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          245                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          245                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       277546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       277546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       277546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       277546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33558652476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33558652476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     21995447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21995447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33580647923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33580647923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33580647923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33580647923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     30484893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30484893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16541648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16541648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8084                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8084                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     47026541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47026541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     47026541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47026541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121018.865695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121018.865695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 89777.334694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89777.334694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120991.287653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120991.287653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120991.287653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120991.287653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15556                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           15556                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       199173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       199343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       199343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        78128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        78203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        78203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8714564957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8714564957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5534298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5534298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8720099255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8720099255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8720099255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8720099255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111542.148231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111542.148231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 73790.640000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73790.640000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111505.942931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111505.942931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111505.942931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111505.942931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              518.138415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1009852048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1942023.169231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    36.138415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.057914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11632303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11632303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11632303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11632303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11632303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11632303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7356805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7356805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7356805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7356805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7356805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7356805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11632348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11632348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11632348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11632348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11632348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11632348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163484.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163484.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163484.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163484.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163484.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163484.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6365443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6365443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6365443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6365443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6365443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6365443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167511.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167511.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167511.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167511.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167511.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167511.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                53607                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              171681621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                53863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3187.375768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.595140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.404860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8200273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8200273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6941711                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6941711                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17285                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17285                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15974                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15974                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15141984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15141984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15141984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15141984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       183556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       187275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       187275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       187275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       187275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24085991266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24085991266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    470299526                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    470299526                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24556290792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24556290792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24556290792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24556290792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8383829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8383829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6945430                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6945430                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15974                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15974                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15329259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15329259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15329259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15329259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 131218.763026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131218.763026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 126458.598010                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126458.598010                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 131124.233304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131124.233304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 131124.233304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131124.233304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         9747                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         9747                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17989                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           17989                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       130103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       133668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       133668                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133668                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        53453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        53607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        53607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5669924939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5669924939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10685278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10685278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5680610217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5680610217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5680610217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5680610217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106073.091108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106073.091108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69384.922078                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69384.922078                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105967.694835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105967.694835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105967.694835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105967.694835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              580.001225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1039228791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1779501.354452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    38.928870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.072354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.062386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.867103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11513470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11513470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11513470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11513470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11513470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11513470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8432956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8432956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8432956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8432956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8432956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8432956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11513520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11513520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11513520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11513520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11513520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11513520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168659.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168659.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168659.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168659.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168659.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168659.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6945016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6945016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6945016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6945016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6945016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6945016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169390.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169390.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169390.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169390.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169390.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169390.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                78224                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              447500910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                78480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              5702.101300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.906892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.093108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.437136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.562864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     30207468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30207468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16542099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16542099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8083                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8083                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     46749567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       46749567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     46749567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      46749567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       277680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       277680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       277929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       277929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       277929                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       277929                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33593405910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33593405910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22034927                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22034927                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33615440837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33615440837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33615440837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33615440837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     30485148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30485148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16542348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16542348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8083                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8083                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     47027496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47027496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     47027496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47027496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120978.845830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120978.845830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 88493.682731                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88493.682731                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120949.741974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120949.741974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120949.741974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120949.741974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           14277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       199531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       199705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       199705                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199705                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        78149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        78224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        78224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8735969817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8735969817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5414763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5414763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8741384580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8741384580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8741384580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8741384580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111786.072976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111786.072976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 72196.840000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72196.840000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111748.115412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111748.115412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111748.115412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111748.115412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              527.293223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1014434375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1917645.321361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.293223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.059765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11766694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11766694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11766694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11766694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11766694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11766694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7893844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7893844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7893844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7893844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7893844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7893844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11766746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11766746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11766746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11766746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11766746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11766746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151804.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151804.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151804.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151804.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151804.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151804.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6193525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6193525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6193525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6193525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6193525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6193525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158808.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158808.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158808.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158808.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158808.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158808.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                69316                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              180345820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                69572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2592.218421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.148676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.851324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8163496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8163496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6762223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6762223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15776                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15776                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14925719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       14925719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14925719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      14925719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       175863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       175863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          783                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          783                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       176646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       176646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       176646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       176646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21627984892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21627984892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     67015958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67015958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21695000850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21695000850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21695000850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21695000850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8339359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8339359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6763006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6763006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        15776                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15776                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15102365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15102365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15102365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15102365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122982.008109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122982.008109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85588.707535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85588.707535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122816.258789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122816.258789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122816.258789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122816.258789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8313                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8313                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       106676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       107330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       107330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        69187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        69316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        69316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7690097837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7690097837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8633791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8633791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7698731628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7698731628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7698731628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7698731628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111149.462139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111149.462139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66928.612403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66928.612403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111067.165272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111067.165272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111067.165272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111067.165272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
