
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106708                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106707970221                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               631535563758                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 305921                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   385839                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1860955                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67608216                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 57340.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17541635927                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22124162653                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3786880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1864576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2624000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2538880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1897088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1848448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4209536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2583296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1860736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1424512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1428736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4198656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      3691008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      4189824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      4184192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2627328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             45036800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11793024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11793024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        29585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        14567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        20500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        19835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        14821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        14441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        32887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        20182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        14537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        11129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        11162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        32802                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        28836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        32733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        32689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        20526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                351850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           92133                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                92133                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     35488258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     17473634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24590478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     23792787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        49181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17778316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17322492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     39449124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     24209026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        49181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     17437648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13349631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13389215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        46782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39347164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        45582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     34589806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39264396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        49181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39211616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     24621666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               422056571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45582                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39585                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        49181                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        49181                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41984                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45582                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        46782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        45582                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        49181                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49181                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             741313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         110516806                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              110516806                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         110516806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     35488258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        47981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     17473634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        39585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24590478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        40784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     23792787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        49181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17778316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        47981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17322492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     39449124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        46782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     24209026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        49181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     17437648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        41984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13349631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        45582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13389215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        46782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39347164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        45582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     34589806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        47981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39264396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        49181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39211616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        49181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     24621666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              532573376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              255894414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20722767                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16945312                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024436                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8645523                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8180338                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134275                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90222                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201267898                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117572072                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20722767                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10314613                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24640180                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5870607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3521929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12374016                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2040116                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233231728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      208591548     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1332439      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2107444      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3362660      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1390393      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1563924      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1657514      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1089374      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12136432      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233231728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.080982                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.459455                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199412497                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5391917                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24563560                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        62497                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3801254                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3399550                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          468                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143591693                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3031                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3801254                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199713508                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1742393                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      2766904                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24330768                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       876896                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143513668                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        27763                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       247414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       330614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        40928                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199253375                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    667593919                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    667593919                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241819                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29011533                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        36663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2641960                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13682476                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7351355                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221816                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1668141                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143329542                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36768                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135722363                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166702                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18096647                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40117444                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3563                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233231728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176007151     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22964137      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12567868      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8554756      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8006672      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2304555      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1796760      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       610433      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       419396      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233231728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31678     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97866     38.68%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123469     48.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113699600     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2142946      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12547290      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7316066      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135722363                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530384                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            253013                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505096168                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161464464                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133539981                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135975376                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       412182                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2446078                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          388                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1545                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       208338                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8481                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3801254                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1162630                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143366444                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16967                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13682476                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7351355                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89841                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1545                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183995                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153188                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2337183                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133789433                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11800222                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1932929                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 134                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19114532                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18825576                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7314310                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.522831                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133541037                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133539981                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78073873                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       203974517                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.521856                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382763                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574596                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20792106                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33205                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2067381                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229430474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179668411     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24098813     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9384420      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5052672      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3787077      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2113138      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1304061      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1164493      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2857389      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229430474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574596                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379415                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236398                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595165                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448789                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2857389                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          369939111                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290534872                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3247625                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              22662686                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574596                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.558944                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.558944                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.390786                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.390786                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603346363                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185110609                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     133924203                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              255894414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       21063794                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17234642                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2063586                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8864523                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8304869                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2179188                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94331                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203105010                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            117725215                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          21063794                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10484057                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24593860                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5610449                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      4839484                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12425425                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2064985                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    236058436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      211464576     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1152022      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1826505      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2470982      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2539391      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        2146782      0.91%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1197019      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1783563      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11477596      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    236058436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082314                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460054                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      201043125                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      6918934                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24549831                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        26835                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3519708                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3467001                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    144487603                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1969                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3519708                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      201595000                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1417738                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      4240692                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24032018                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1253277                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    144434224                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       171126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       546507                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    201556230                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    671892998                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    671892998                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    174991320                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       26564902                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        36306                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         3751069                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13535953                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7329145                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85956                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1725244                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        144260540                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36434                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       137118829                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18795                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15763328                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37573358                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1740                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236058436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178018355     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23876027     10.11%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12100537      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9113082      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7154718      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2892925      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1826743      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       949865      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       126184      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236058436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25574     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83470     36.62%     47.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118913     52.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115325798     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2041443      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17200      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12429176      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7305212      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    137118829                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.535841                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227957                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510542846                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160060865                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    135050390                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    137346786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       277739                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2167933                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          165                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          567                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97144                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3519708                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1133242                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122853                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144297120                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52426                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13535953                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7329145                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103777                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          567                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1203817                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1154712                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2358529                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135214516                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11694245                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1904313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18999169                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       19222435                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7304924                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.528400                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            135050628                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           135050390                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        77529149                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       208891138                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.527758                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371146                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102008177                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    125519859                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18777280                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34694                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2089612                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232538728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181057327     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25512895     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9641124      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4593734      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3871706      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2222416      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1946494      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       878610      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2814422      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232538728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    102008177                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    125519859                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18600017                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11368016                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             17308                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         18100023                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       113092019                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2584727                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2814422                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          374020743                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         292114057                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3079701                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              19835978                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         102008177                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           125519859                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    102008177                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.508568                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.508568                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.398634                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.398634                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      608585496                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     188131488                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     133933105                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        34664                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              255894414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19399694                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17322007                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1546748                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13007644                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12670159                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1165192                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46927                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205085418                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            110162766                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19399694                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     13835351                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24568024                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5068099                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      3144045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12406842                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1518195                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    236310175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      211742151     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3746011      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1890748      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3707802      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1188474      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3434609      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         541114      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         872507      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        9186759      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    236310175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075811                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430501                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      202595020                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5681094                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24519768                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19774                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3494515                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1832207                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18152                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    123232852                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        34340                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3494515                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      202872607                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3438750                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1390574                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24263038                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       850687                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    123055843                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        95633                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       682201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    161276851                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    557701408                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    557701408                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    130846029                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       30430806                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        16529                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8369                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1841046                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     22199919                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3603609                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23514                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       818230                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        122421023                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16590                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       114665562                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74475                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22039025                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45105922                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          130                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236310175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185993992     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15897003      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16808461      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9760474      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5032114      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259578      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1494863      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34829      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28861      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236310175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192549     57.33%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78565     23.39%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64752     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89916253     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898608      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8161      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20269681     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3572859      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    114665562                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.448097                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335866                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466051640                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144476943                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111758604                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    115001428                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90301                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4516778                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          314                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82680                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3494515                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2336551                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104815                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122437698                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14502                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22199919                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3603609                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8368                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41279                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2373                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          314                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045827                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593488                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1639315                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113213088                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19978631                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1452474                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           23551309                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17211972                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3572678                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.442421                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            111784218                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           111758604                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        67628807                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       147276093                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.436737                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.459197                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89038207                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    100241972                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22200773                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16460                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1537046                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232815660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195495431     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14662932      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9419047      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2964309      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4922669      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959666      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608572      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556691      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3226343      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232815660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     89038207                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    100241972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             21204067                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            17683138                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15380225                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        87602794                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1253376                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3226343                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          352031724                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         248382765                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4560140                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              19584239                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          89038207                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           100241972                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     89038207                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.873984                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.873984                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.347949                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.347949                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      526247062                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     145618319                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     130886874                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16444                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              255894408                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19412478                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17334924                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1546046                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13001541                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12679306                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1165624                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46998                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205225582                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            110244557                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19412478                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     13844930                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24586450                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5066561                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      3119761                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12413492                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1517444                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    236443640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      211857190     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        3749671      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1892029      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3710370      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1188832      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3437172      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         541503      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         872666      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        9194207      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    236443640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075861                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.430821                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      202749928                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      5642179                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24538107                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        19767                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3493655                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1831688                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        18169                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    123323446                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        34381                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3493655                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      203026125                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       3412349                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1382455                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24282504                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       846548                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    123146806                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        95194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       678276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    161399344                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    558120721                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    558120721                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    130971806                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       30427538                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        16531                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8363                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1836864                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     22216203                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      3607440                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23363                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       819146                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        122513065                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16591                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       114751200                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73928                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22034106                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45121246                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236443640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186092414     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15903114      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16822920      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9770289      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5034954      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1260658      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1495638      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34779      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28874      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236443640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192317     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78578     23.41%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64789     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89983466     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       899793      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8169      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20283249     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3576523      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    114751200                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.448432                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335684                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466355652                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144564055                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111847115                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    115086884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        91239                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4516305                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          300                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        83076                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3493655                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2318999                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104488                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122529743                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16081                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22216203                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3607440                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8362                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41337                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2345                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          300                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044955                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593132                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1638087                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113298878                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19992902                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1452322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           23569239                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17225487                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          3576337                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.442756                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            111872886                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           111847115                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        67686531                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       147391239                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.437083                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.459230                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89123445                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    100338176                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22196582                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16475                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1536335                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232949985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195593889     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14675664      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9430067      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2968577      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4926055      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959492      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608941      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557079      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3230221      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232949985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     89123445                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    100338176                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             21224262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            17699898                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              8220                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15394978                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        87686915                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1254596                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3230221                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          352254184                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         248565967                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4561920                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              19450768                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          89123445                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           100338176                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     89123445                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.871236                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.871236                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.348282                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.348282                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      526656415                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     145733118                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     130988034                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        16458                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              255894414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       21057471                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17228962                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2064188                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8889553                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8304921                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2178594                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94347                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203050641                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            117681001                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          21057471                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10483515                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24587544                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5608506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4844887                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12423507                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2065881                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    236000614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.953979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      211413070     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1154728      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1826086      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2469624      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2537896      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2145819      0.91%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1200275      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1784407      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11468709      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    236000614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082290                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.459881                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      200987799                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      6925268                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24543422                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        26952                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3517170                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3466374                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    144429128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1957                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3517170                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      201539123                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1427015                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4238092                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24025981                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1253230                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    144375811                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       171675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       546125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    201479317                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    671617456                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    671617456                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    174952069                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       26527244                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        36258                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19058                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3749255                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13528017                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7326514                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        86306                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1720565                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        144202313                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36389                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       137073880                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18770                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15738804                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37494185                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1704                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236000614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177981436     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23862660     10.11%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12095904      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9115664      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7154061      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2890615      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1824593      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       949905      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125776      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236000614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25552     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83460     36.64%     47.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118765     52.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115288320     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2040869      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17196      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12424182      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7303313      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    137073880                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.535666                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227777                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510394921                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159978069                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    135010667                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    137301657                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       278954                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2162561                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          154                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          565                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96146                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3517170                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1141341                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122759                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144238846                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52882                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13528017                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7326514                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19062                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103944                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          565                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1204630                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153683                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2358313                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135174623                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11690901                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1899257                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18993928                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19216833                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7303027                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.528244                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            135010913                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           135010667                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        77503360                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       208820538                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.527603                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371148                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101985255                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    125491656                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18747220                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34685                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2090211                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232483444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181021028     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25498426     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9641498      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4590793      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3869964      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2221816      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1946205      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       878023      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2815691      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232483444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    101985255                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    125491656                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18595824                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11365456                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17304                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18095955                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       113066608                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2584146                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2815691                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          373905927                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         291994986                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3079206                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              19893800                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         101985255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           125491656                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    101985255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.509131                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.509131                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398544                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398544                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      608408359                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     188078727                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     133884417                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        34654                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              255894414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       21061773                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17233749                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2065631                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8859947                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8302214                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2178722                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94133                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203107570                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            117708911                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          21061773                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10480936                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24588990                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5614312                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      4849934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12427385                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2067178                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    236068403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.953997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      211479413     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1152615      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1825316      0.77%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2467765      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2538441      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2147991      0.91%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1198865      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1785130      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11472867      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    236068403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082306                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.459990                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      201043068                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      6931704                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24545426                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        26669                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3521533                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3465928                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    144464325                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1985                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3521533                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      201595207                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1425134                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      4244985                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24027279                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1254262                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    144411290                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       171298                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       546977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    201532160                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    671778757                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    671778757                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    174962883                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       26569271                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        36271                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19068                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3753286                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13531593                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7327558                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85995                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1681848                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        144238941                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36400                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       137097684                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18760                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15759627                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37558023                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1710                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236068403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178067375     75.43%     75.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23836232     10.10%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12087217      5.12%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9121213      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7162463      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2892100      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1824865      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       951667      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125271      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236068403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25639     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83466     36.60%     47.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118966     52.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115310058     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2041101      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17197      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12425386      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7303942      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    137097684                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.535759                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            228071                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510510602                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160035531                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    135029837                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    137325755                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       278195                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2165443                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          143                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          565                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96748                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3521533                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1140384                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122631                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144275486                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53869                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13531593                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7327558                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19074                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103587                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          565                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1204382                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1156411                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2360793                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135194051                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11691518                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1903633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 145                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18995169                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19219189                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7303651                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.528320                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            135030078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           135029837                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        77515225                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       208857034                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.527678                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371140                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101991596                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    125499384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18776129                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34690                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2091653                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232546870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181101839     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25480822     10.96%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9644567      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4591216      1.97%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3854488      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2221120      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1956844      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       876628      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2819346      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232546870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    101991596                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    125499384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18596956                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11366146                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             17306                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         18097045                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       113073581                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2584298                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2819346                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          374002335                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         292072623                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3080623                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              19826011                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         101991596                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           125499384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    101991596                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.508975                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.508975                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.398569                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.398569                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      608492080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     188109788                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     133913138                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        34660                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              255894414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19904719                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17962078                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1042310                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7445713                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7114512                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1098772                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45837                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210945692                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            125215569                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19904719                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      8213284                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24759045                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       3279713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      5077815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12107651                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1047525                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    242993950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      218234905     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         882501      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1807099      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         759399      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        4114625      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3662152      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         708033      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1486766      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11338470      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    242993950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077785                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.489325                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      209759729                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      6276995                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24667906                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        78432                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      2210885                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1746207                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          513                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    146837537                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2811                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      2210885                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      209973965                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       4528727                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1078509                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24547331                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       654530                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    146761317                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       278669                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       237434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4149                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    172308733                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    691266530                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    691266530                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    152859843                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       19448867                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        17027                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8593                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1656955                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     34629333                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     17514831                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       159970                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       853465                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        146473466                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17079                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       140822140                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73125                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11293471                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27126941                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           85                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242993950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192980785     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14956330      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12294785      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5315826      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6739638      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6527084      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3704543      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       292140      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182819      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242993950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        356364     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2780309     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80395      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88336812     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1230631      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33769536     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17476729     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    140822140                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.550313                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3217068                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527928417                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157787593                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139622035                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    144039208                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252884                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1332505                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          549                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3582                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105075                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12473                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      2210885                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       4158415                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       186400                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146490629                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1481                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34629333                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17514831                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8595                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       127055                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           78                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3582                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       606483                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       616686                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1223169                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139837786                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33655288                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       984348                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           51130647                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18321151                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         17475359                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.546467                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            139626610                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           139622035                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        75408448                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       148580391                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.545624                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507526                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113459893                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    133334070                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13171077                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16994                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1065206                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240783065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192453187     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17624390      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8271626      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8179636      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2225867      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9519055      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       713373      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518909      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1277022      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240783065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    113459893                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    133334070                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             50706569                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            33296818                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17607566                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       118565943                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1291488                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1277022                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          386010852                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         295221448                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4626264                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              12900464                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         113459893                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           133334070                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    113459893                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.255373                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.255373                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.443386                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.443386                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      691323222                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     162134887                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     174846592                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              255894414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20805424                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17057971                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2034201                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8622599                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8129580                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136037                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91552                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198590530                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            118261657                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20805424                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10265617                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25997681                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5767016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6584670                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12230138                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2018706                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    234874166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      208876485     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2806797      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        3241359      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1793562      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2081033      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1136289      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         774376      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        2031340      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12132925      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    234874166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081305                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.462150                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      196997115                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      8208553                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25791091                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       195142                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3682263                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3380721                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        19016                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    144372566                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        94127                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3682263                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      197295442                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2929835                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      4415565                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        25700870                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       850189                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    144292020                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       223855                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       395375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    200522233                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    671844057                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    671844057                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    171338901                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       29183322                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        37675                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20952                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2273867                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13759787                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7509489                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197608                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1666029                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        144100097                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37755                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       136221201                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       189679                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17933658                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41426898                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4102                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234874166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177490854     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23072662      9.82%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12391003      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8590085      3.66%     94.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7514616      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3848187      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       919385      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       598423      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448951      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234874166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36081     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       126133     42.91%     55.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131752     44.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114029399     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2131656      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16685      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12587289      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7456172      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    136221201                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.532334                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            293966                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507800213                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162072793                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133981858                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    136515167                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       344800                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2406798                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          833                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1286                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       163941                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8344                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            3                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3682263                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2428719                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       148785                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144137975                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2533                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13759787                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7509489                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20946                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105380                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1286                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180257                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1141268                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2321525                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134228227                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11822426                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1992974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           19276838                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18781837                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7454412                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.524545                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            133984071                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           133981858                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        79615298                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       208541986                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.523583                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381771                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100614610                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    123441918                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20697349                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33653                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2045898                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231191903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180770804     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23379680     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9796288      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5891659      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4075523      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2634768      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1363666      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1099363      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2180152      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231191903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100614610                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    123441918                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18698537                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11352989                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             16790                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17666618                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       111287908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2511450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2180152                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          373150342                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         291960883                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3038558                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              21020248                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100614610                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           123441918                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100614610                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.543313                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.543313                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393188                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393188                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      605485814                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     185941972                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     134745421                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        33622                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              255894414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       21065640                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17236035                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2063219                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8865203                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8305280                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2179264                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94158                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203113311                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            117725970                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          21065640                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10484544                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24593053                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5608654                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      4851920                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12425587                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2064776                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    236076932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      211483879     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1152283      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1825611      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2468876      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2539345      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2148311      0.91%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1198430      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1786420      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11473777      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    236076932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082322                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460057                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      201048895                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      6933700                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24549140                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        26920                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3518274                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3467549                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    144486154                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1961                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3518274                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      201600359                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1429736                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      4243617                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24031661                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1253282                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    144433314                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       170994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       546677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    201556007                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    671884752                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    671884752                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    175017939                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       26538059                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        36177                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18971                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         3750919                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13532942                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7329694                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85861                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1714659                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        144259324                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36306                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       137122962                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18769                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15743767                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37533825                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1609                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236076932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178037250     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23874116     10.11%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12101049      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9111648      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7157141      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2893158      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1826273      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       950564      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125733      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236076932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25570     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83496     36.62%     47.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118953     52.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115329955     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2041932      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17202      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12427815      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7306058      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    137122962                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.535858                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            228019                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510569644                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160039962                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    135057639                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    137350981                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       277531                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2163192                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          132                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          567                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96601                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3518274                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1145395                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122884                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144295770                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52191                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13532942                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7329694                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18975                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103994                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          567                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1204326                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1154320                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2358646                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135221994                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11695020                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1900968                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           19000798                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       19224590                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7305778                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.528429                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            135057884                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           135057639                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        77529411                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       208895262                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527787                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371140                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102023689                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    125539002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18756795                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34697                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2089250                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232558658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181074321     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25510886     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9643956      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4594548      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3871087      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2222394      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1946641      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       878204      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2816621      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232558658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    102023689                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    125539002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18602840                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11369747                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             17310                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18102806                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       113109268                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2585135                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2816621                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          374037132                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         292109935                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3079176                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              19817482                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         102023689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           125539002                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    102023689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.508186                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.508186                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.398694                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.398694                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      608619508                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     188140275                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     133934869                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        34666                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              255894414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       23189408                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19307182                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2104921                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8826861                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8483633                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2495519                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97653                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201725041                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            127214335                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          23189408                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10979152                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            26518622                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5860642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6888535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12525065                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011988                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    238868823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      212350201     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1626405      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2051835      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3264451      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1366165      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1758140      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        2049350      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         939514      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       13462762      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    238868823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090621                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.497136                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      200539138                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      8189112                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        26391995                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        12502                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3736075                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3530236                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          550                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    155509810                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2290                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3736075                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      200743202                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        649132                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      6972151                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        26200379                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       567876                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    154547000                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        81646                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       396476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    215852519                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    718702093                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    718702093                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    180678326                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       35174186                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        37441                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19522                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1997988                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     14473885                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7570056                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84811                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1713262                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        150906629                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37575                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       144789125                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       146129                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18262706                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37195725                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1434                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238868823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177523900     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27972235     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11441651      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6414455      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8685248      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2676300      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2629005      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414531      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111498      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238868823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        998953     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       136156     10.77%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129075     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121978448     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1979144      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17918      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13266534      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7547081      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    144789125                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565816                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1264184                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008731                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529857384                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169207612                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141028542                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    146053309                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107475                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2730744                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          703                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       107843                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3736075                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        493966                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62544                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150944210                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118819                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14473885                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7570056                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19522                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54663                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          703                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1245904                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1184084                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2429988                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142274159                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13050797                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2514964                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           20597077                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       20121311                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7546280                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.555988                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            141029062                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           141028542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        84499827                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       227009718                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.551120                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372230                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105114302                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    129525299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21419512                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36141                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2122962                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235132748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180317605     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27779695     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10084423      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5024823      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4595812      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1929527      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1912303      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910892      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2577668      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235132748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    105114302                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    129525299                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             19205350                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11743140                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             18030                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         18774412                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       116614924                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2674673                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2577668                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          383499163                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         305625727                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3057530                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              17025591                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         105114302                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           129525299                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    105114302                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.434440                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.434440                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.410772                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.410772                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      640172093                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     197063387                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     143820774                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        36110                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              255894414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       23183518                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19303680                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2106243                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8846059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8480429                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2494978                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97928                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201696233                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            127168659                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          23183518                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10975407                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            26509766                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5863658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      6912373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12525261                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2014494                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    238856698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      212346932     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1626424      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2049356      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3261015      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1370687      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1758979      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2048517      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         938552      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       13456236      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    238856698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090598                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.496958                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      200510912                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      8211218                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        26384335                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        12462                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3737770                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3527990                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          557                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    155461050                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2313                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3737770                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      200713518                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        650493                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      6994493                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        26194473                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       565943                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    154507670                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        81501                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       394778                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    215795453                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    718515936                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    718515936                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    180618190                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       35177263                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        37343                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19431                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1990474                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     14472515                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7565305                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85078                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1714854                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        150854481                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37479                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       144746940                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       145608                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18261321                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37159818                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1350                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238856698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177526237     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27972051     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11436541      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6408194      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8684109      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2673781      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2630407      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1413582      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111796      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238856698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997689     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       136289     10.79%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129052     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121944733     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1978666      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17912      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13263183      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7542446      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    144746940                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.565651                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1263030                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008726                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529759216                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169153975                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140981683                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    146009970                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107296                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2733280                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          695                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105575                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3737770                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        495639                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62529                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150891963                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14472515                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7565305                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19431                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54571                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          695                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1246729                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1184230                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2430959                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142226733                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13045379                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2520207                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           20587373                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       20113485                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7541994                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.555802                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            140982003                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           140981683                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        84467952                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       226932664                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.550937                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105079293                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    129482174                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21410367                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36129                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2124262                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235118928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180319465     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27772751     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10082922      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5021607      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4595742      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1927808      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1911020      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910274      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2577339      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235118928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    105079293                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    129482174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19198965                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11739235                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             18024                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18768167                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       116576113                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2673792                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2577339                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          383433402                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         305522871                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3059450                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              17037716                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         105079293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           129482174                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    105079293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.435251                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.435251                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.410635                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.410635                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      639956109                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     196999699                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     143766684                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        36098                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              255894414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19908826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17965083                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1041524                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7478522                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7121428                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1100333                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46226                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210972237                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            125235893                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19908826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      8221761                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24772213                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3276555                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      5096769                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12108379                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1046238                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    243050258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      218278045     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         889183      0.37%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1807672      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         759923      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        4122309      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3663957      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         706321      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1480079      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11342769      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    243050258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077801                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.489405                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      209794508                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      6287831                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24681163                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        78224                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2208529                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1746910                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          510                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    146863314                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2774                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2208529                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      210004331                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       4548438                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1080369                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24564826                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       643762                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    146784091                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       278427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       232323                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3726                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    172309781                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    691393931                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    691393931                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    152906829                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       19402928                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        17489                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9053                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1626748                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     34643570                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     17520635                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160628                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       849985                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        146497638                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17544                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       140857999                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73457                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11283452                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27081381                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          541                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243050258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    193027650     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14959035      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12294249      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5313592      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6744063      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6534727      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3701497      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       292739      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182706      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243050258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        357426     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2781076     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80452      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88353015     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1230871      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8434      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33783241     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17482438     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    140857999                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.550454                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3218954                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022852                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528058666                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157802214                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139658539                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    144076953                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253463                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1334697                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          551                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3590                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104663                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12473                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2208529                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       4178526                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       186462                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146515264                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1368                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34643570                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17520635                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9055                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       127127                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           85                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3590                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       605898                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       616000                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1221898                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139875139                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33668750                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       982859                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           51149779                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18325947                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         17481029                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.546613                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            139662967                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           139658539                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        75429850                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       148618197                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.545766                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507541                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113496626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    133376813                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13152815                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17003                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1064421                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240841729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192498079     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17628128      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8273634      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8182138      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2227663      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9522802      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       712570      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518799      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1277916      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240841729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    113496626                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    133376813                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             50724845                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            33308873                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8488                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17613040                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       118603901                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1291802                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1277916                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          386093103                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         295268024                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4625736                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              12844156                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         113496626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           133376813                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    113496626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.254643                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.254643                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443529                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443529                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      691525896                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     162153154                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     174884776                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              255894414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20757866                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16974327                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022354                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8524016                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8182245                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136045                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89571                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201393010                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            117836314                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20757866                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10318290                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24679361                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5884209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3517785                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12381947                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2038646                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    233407616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      208728255     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1331519      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2104669      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3365131      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1395944      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1557690      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1667375      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1091393      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12165640      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    233407616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081119                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460488                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      199539527                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5385753                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24602647                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        62693                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3816993                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3405557                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          468                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    143891436                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         3036                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3816993                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      199839514                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1733355                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      2766909                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24371267                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       879573                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    143816571                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        25326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       248045                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       331382                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42820                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    199662786                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    669033998                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    669033998                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    170423173                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       29239605                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        36423                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19939                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2642838                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13693556                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7363931                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221966                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1678093                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        143633393                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36519                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       135917158                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       167653                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18267733                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40686243                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3283                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233407616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176121416     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22982119      9.85%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12566600      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8570372      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8027645      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2308921      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1798733      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       611340      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420470      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233407616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31636     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        98194     38.76%     51.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123510     48.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113859856     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2151370      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16478      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12560238      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7329216      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    135917158                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.531145                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            253340                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505662925                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161939143                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133739376                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    136170498                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       410936                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2445242                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          372                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1531                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       213369                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8463                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3816993                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1161130                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143670049                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9786                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13693556                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7363931                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19920                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88625                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1531                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180934                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155357                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2336291                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133989964                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11810868                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1927194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           19138420                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18847186                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7327552                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523614                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            133740409                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           133739376                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        78187461                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       204307955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522635                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382694                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100106348                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    122704993                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20965281                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33236                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2065249                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229590623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179780147     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24123443     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9390143      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5059671      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3788829      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114873      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1304620      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1166326      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2862571      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229590623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    100106348                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    122704993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18398873                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11248311                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16582                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17613931                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       110566231                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2492730                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2862571                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          370397650                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         291157766                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3248852                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              22486798                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         100106348                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           122704993                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    100106348                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.556226                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.556226                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.391202                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.391202                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      604230957                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     185381093                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     134208467                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33204                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              255894414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19912681                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17969210                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1043381                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7438417                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7119563                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1099247                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45877                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210966081                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            125245087                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19912681                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      8218810                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24772720                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       3285630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      5104119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12110063                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1047918                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    243059245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      218286525     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         887804      0.37%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1807339      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         760643      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        4120872      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3664331      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         705770      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1481992      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11343969      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    243059245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077816                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.489440                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      209786837                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      6296759                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24681557                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        78273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2215816                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1746730                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          509                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    146878694                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2766                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2215816                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      209997780                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       4556168                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1079890                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24564349                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       645239                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    146799017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       278280                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       233095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3622                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    172340491                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    691445006                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    691445006                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    152862450                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       19478029                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        17439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9005                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1632612                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     34640253                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     17515730                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160582                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       851852                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        146511501                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       140836508                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73537                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11334332                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27248104                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          497                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243059245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    193042549     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14958041      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12292938      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5314237      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6743352      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6531413      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3700655      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       293003      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       183057      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243059245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        357467     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2780655     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80423      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88346823     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1230647      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33773494     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17477112     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    140836508                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.550370                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3218545                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022853                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528024343                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157866897                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139634879                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    144055053                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253686                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1342297                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          564                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3580                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105413                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12462                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2215816                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       4187795                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       186486                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146529077                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1398                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34640253                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17515730                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9007                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       127115                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           76                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3580                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       605464                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       618783                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1224247                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139852495                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33659545                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       984013                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           51135288                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18323172                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         17475743                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.546524                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            139639415                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           139634879                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        75418019                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       148617964                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.545674                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507462                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113462384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    133336900                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13206690                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16995                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1066234                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240843429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192512776     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17624536      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8272387      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8178843      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2227140      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9517617      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       713967      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518690      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1277473      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240843429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    113462384                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    133336900                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             50708266                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            33297949                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              8484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17607906                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       118568433                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1291488                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1277473                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          386109208                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         295303236                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4627105                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              12835169                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         113462384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           133336900                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    113462384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.255324                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.255324                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.443395                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.443395                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      691389905                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     162135571                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     174878847                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        16970                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              255894414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19886864                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17945143                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1045895                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7578392                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7122262                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1101036                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46399                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211028811                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            125064725                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19886864                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      8223298                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24739710                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       3266366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      5086662                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12113869                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1051161                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    243049627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      218309917     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         883590      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1802029      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         760430      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        4116459      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3664867      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         714219      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1485350      0.61%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11312766      4.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    243049627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077715                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.488736                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      209841498                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      6286868                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24649083                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        78241                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      2193934                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1745266                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          510                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    146675239                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2773                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      2193934                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      210054626                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       4545517                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1074157                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24529229                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       652161                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    146598347                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       278415                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       236150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4471                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    172084525                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    690521073                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    690521073                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    152828839                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       19255663                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        17015                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8584                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1648650                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     34621800                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores     17512175                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       161186                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       852396                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        146315781                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17067                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       140785336                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73065                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11143585                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26537211                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           77                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243049627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    193030860     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14977749      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12293962      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5309486      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6734165      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6524004      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3704170      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       292343      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182888      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243049627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        356498     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2778537     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80528      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88309516     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1226020      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8430      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33767711     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17473659     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    140785336                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.550170                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3215563                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527908921                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157480005                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139580126                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    144000899                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253457                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1330471                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          576                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3580                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105341                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12467                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      2193934                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       4173918                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185873                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146332943                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34621800                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17512175                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8585                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126789                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           93                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3580                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       610838                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614747                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1225585                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139796279                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33652912                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       989051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  95                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           51125045                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18315691                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores         17472133                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.546305                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            139584551                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           139580126                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        75380622                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       148523415                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.545460                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.507534                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113438072                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    133308251                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13038762                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16990                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1068838                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240855693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192533874     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17617999      7.31%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8274575      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8177822      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2225626      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9519568      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       712141      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518258      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1275830      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240855693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    113438072                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    133308251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             50698148                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            33291319                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8482                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17604059                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       118542953                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1291180                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      1275830                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          385926538                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         294888220                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4629736                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              12844787                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         113438072                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           133308251                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    113438072                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.255807                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.255807                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.443300                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.443300                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      691159322                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     162080982                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     174689896                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        16964                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              255894414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20797451                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17056273                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2034793                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8643896                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8137285                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134170                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91739                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198501623                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            118189407                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20797451                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10271455                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            26001122                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5766812                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      6603162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12225588                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2019072                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    234806300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      208805178     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        2814790      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        3261500      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        1792179      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2078474      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1134889      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         772837      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        2013276      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12133177      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    234806300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081274                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461868                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      196909431                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      8225781                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        25793300                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles       196423                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3681363                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3374492                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        19025                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    144266189                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        93876                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3681363                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      197215144                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2959097                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      4402727                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        25696987                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       850980                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    144177657                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       223718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       395432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    200380271                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    671329036                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    671329036                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    171229069                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       29151202                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        37809                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21098                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2274186                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13752563                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7499080                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       198723                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1661895                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        143968180                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37892                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       136088624                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186485                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17916677                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41393685                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4259                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234806300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177456043     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23074023      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12390764      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8579302      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7498001      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3841304      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       920200      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597861      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448802      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234806300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36631     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124263     42.45%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131851     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113915878     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2129864      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16675      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12579440      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7446767      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    136088624                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.531816                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            292745                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002151                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507462778                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161924029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133849094                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    136381369                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       344671                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2406879                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          875                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       158261                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8338                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3681363                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2458228                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       149458                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144006196                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13752563                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7499080                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21093                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105794                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181152                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1141243                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2322395                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134096270                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11816744                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1992354                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 124                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           19261744                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18765636                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7445000                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.524030                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            133851327                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           133849094                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        79561570                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       208351198                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.523064                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381863                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100550099                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    123362682                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20644898                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33633                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2046582                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231124937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180732388     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23368867     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9787723      4.23%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5889297      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4073948      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2634232      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1362599      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1099132      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2176751      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231124937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    100550099                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    123362682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18686503                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11345684                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17655240                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       111216486                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2509826                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2176751                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          372955090                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         291696603                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3037476                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              21088114                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         100550099                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           123362682                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    100550099                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.544944                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.544944                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392936                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392936                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      604929533                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     185774953                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     134658909                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        33602                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         351967                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.682562                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2164057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         384735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.624799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           201.057324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.214204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  2068.498927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.674382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1168.076560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.313443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1554.226932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.340334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1551.060790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.655141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1207.057332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.063374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1173.468428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.654762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2471.417558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.837062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1632.568446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     4.045626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1176.619988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.523151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   953.331283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.856362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   952.281000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.903240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2490.427212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.929610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2053.393520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.901039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  2467.951996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.317756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  2505.865059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.848024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1652.392761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           387.426415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           305.156462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           299.538625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           324.888650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           272.815025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           305.221856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           390.944203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           352.456256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           302.631336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           277.154754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           280.980541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           379.677719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           443.075833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           416.058830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           382.220926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           314.662503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.063126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.035647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.047431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.047335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.036836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.035811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.075422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.049822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.035908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.029093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.029061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.076002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.062665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.075316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.076473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.050427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.011823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.009313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.009141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.009915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.008326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.009315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.011931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.010756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.009236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.008458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.008575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.011587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.013522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.012697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.009603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        27001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        49157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        27028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        49335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        44100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        49452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        49400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  587222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           182292                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                182292                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          212                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2072                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        27153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        49232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        27184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        49412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        44237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        49523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        49477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   589294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43452                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        27153                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35912                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26892                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        49232                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        27184                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25963                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25930                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        49412                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        44237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        49523                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        49477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36040                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  589294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                351819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 351850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20500                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19835                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14821                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14441                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32887                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14537                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32802                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28836                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32733                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32689                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20526                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                351850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5765597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4850263894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6039549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2371892273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4997557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3326904797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5140329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3217626810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6244447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2409019667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6172989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2355313371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6083698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5340646079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5889075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3313306794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6223764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2368129633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5472327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1820935590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5888496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1833522843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5858977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5324557947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5634936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4719119962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6108792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5320305228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6252943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5305117739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6251076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3373152678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57343839857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       952171                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       146462                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       459827                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       507619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       159434                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       955181                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       158621                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1364911                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4704226                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5765597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4850263894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6039549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2371892273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4997557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3327856968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5140329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3217773272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6244447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2409019667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6172989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2355313371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6083698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5341105906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5889075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3313814413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6223764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2368129633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5472327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1820935590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5888496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1833522843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5858977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5324717381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5634936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4719119962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6108792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5321260409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6252943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5305276360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6251076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3374517589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      57348544083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5765597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4850263894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6039549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2371892273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4997557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3327856968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5140329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3217773272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6244447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2409019667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6172989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2355313371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6083698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5341105906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5889075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3313814413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6223764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2368129633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5472327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1820935590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5888496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1833522843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5858977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5324717381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5634936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4719119962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6108792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5321260409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6252943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5305276360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6251076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3374517589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     57348544083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        41568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        56431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        82178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        82088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        56402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              939041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       182292                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            182292                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2103                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        41720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        56590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        37092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        37092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        73073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        82256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        82166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        56566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               941144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        41720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        56590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        37092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        37092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        73073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        82256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        82166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        56566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              941144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.405830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.350438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.368624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.356651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.400824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.357587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.349741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.301762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.302674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.399350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.395360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.398233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.398207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.363764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.374658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.081081                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.013514                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.018868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.054878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.014741                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.405069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.368241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.355804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.355309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.400480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.356635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.300038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.398983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.394619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.397941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.397841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.362868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.373854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.405069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.368241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.355804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.355309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.400480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.356635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.300038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.398983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.394619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.397941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.397841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.362868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.373854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151726.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163943.346088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150988.725000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162826.407153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151441.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162335.551722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151186.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162227.831501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152303.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162540.966669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154324.725000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163099.049304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152092.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162408.650985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151001.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164195.787403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151799.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162903.599986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156352.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163620.773654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154960.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164264.723437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150230.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162329.134691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 148287.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163653.764808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152719.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162571.204180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152510.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162295.574492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152465.268293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164407.694985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162992.447415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 158695.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       146462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 153275.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 169206.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       159434                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 136454.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       158621                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151656.777778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151749.225806                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151726.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163943.346088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150988.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162826.407153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151441.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162334.486244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151186.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162227.036652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152303.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162540.966669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154324.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163099.049304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152092.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162407.817861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151001.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164196.532207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151799.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162903.599986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156352.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163620.773654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154960.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164264.723437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150230.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162329.046430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 148287.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163653.764808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152719.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162565.619069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152510.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162295.462082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152465.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164402.104112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162991.456823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151726.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163943.346088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150988.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162826.407153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151441.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162334.486244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151186.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162227.036652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152303.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162540.966669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154324.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163099.049304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152092.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162407.817861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151001.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164196.532207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151799.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162903.599986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156352.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163620.773654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154960.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164264.723437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150230.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162329.046430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 148287.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163653.764808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152719.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162565.619069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152510.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162295.462082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152465.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164402.104112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162991.456823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                92133                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     92133                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           351819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            351850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           351850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3549583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3127555513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3713412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1523683917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3077554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2133157469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3161061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2062302979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3859571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1545949413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3846139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1514482454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3755234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3426654212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3617223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2138149740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3839670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1521631564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3434416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1172973327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3676478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1183570406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3590298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3415566578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3421404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3040064460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3781140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3415566767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3864407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3402657944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3864663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2178291471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36860310467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       602489                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        88028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       285516                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       333362                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       100955                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       547874                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       100538                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       839893                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2898655                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3549583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3127555513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3713412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1523683917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3077554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2133759958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3161061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2062391007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3859571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1545949413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3846139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1514482454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3755234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3426939728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3617223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2138483102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3839670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1521631564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3434416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1172973327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3676478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1183570406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3590298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3415667533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3421404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3040064460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3781140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3416114641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3864407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3402758482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3864663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2179131364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36863209122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3549583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3127555513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3713412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1523683917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3077554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2133759958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3161061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2062391007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3859571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1545949413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3846139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1514482454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3755234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3426939728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3617223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2138483102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3839670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1521631564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3434416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1172973327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3676478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1183570406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3590298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3415667533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3421404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3040064460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3781140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3416114641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3864407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3402758482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3864663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2179131364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36863209122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.405830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.350438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.368624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.356651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.400824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.357587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.349741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.301762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.302674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.399350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.395360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.398233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.398207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.363764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.374658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.081081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.013514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.018868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.089744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.054878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.405069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.368241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.355804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.355309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.400480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.356635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.300038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.398983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.394619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.397941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.397841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.362868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.373854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.405069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.368241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.355804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.355309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.400480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.356635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.300038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.398983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.394619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.397941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.397841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.362868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.373854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93410.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105714.230624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92835.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104598.333013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93259.212121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104086.926369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92972.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103978.167742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94135.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104308.036772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96153.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104873.793643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93880.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104204.300328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92749.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105959.152584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93650.487805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104673.011213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98126.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105397.908797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96749.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106035.693066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92058.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104129.952684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90036.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105426.011236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94528.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104368.598882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94253.829268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104095.017866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94260.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106170.077058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104770.664651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100414.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        88028                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        95172                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111120.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       100955                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 78267.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       100538                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93321.444444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93505                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93410.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105714.230624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92835.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104598.333013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93259.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104085.851610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92972.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103977.363600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94135.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104308.036772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96153.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104873.793643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93880.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104203.476389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92749.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105959.919830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93650.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104673.011213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98126.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105397.908797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96749.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106035.693066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92058.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104129.855893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90036.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105426.011236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94528.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104363.017169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94253.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104094.909052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94260.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106164.443340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104769.672082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93410.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105714.230624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92835.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104598.333013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93259.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104085.851610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92972.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103977.363600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94135.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104308.036772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96153.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104873.793643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93880.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104203.476389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92749.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105959.919830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93650.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104673.011213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98126.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105397.908797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96749.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106035.693066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92058.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104129.855893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90036.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105426.011236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94528.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104363.017169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94253.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104094.909052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94260.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106164.443340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104769.672082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              527.441307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012382015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1913765.623819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    37.441307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.060002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12373966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12373966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12373966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12373966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12373966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12373966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7707925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7707925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7707925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7707925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7707925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7707925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12374016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12374016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12374016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12374016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12374016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12374016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154158.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154158.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154158.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154158.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154158.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154158.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6296839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6296839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6296839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6296839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6296839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6296839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161457.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161457.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161457.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161457.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161457.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161457.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                73037                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180701784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2465.471246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.166862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.833138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8579041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8579041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108672                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108672                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19982                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19982                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15687713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15687713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15687713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15687713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       185397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          829                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          829                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       186226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       186226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       186226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       186226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22684689210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22684689210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     71175293                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71175293                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22755864503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22755864503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22755864503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22755864503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8764438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8764438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        19982                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19982                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15873939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15873939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15873939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15873939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122357.369375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122357.369375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85856.806996                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85856.806996                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122194.884189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122194.884189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122194.884189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122194.884189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9148                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            9148                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       112497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       113189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       113189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       113189                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       113189                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8074223188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8074223188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9141127                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9141127                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8083364315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8083364315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8083364315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8083364315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110757.519726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110757.519726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66723.554745                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66723.554745                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110674.922505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110674.922505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110674.922505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110674.922505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              515.683340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1006688475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1947173.065764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    40.683340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.065198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12425373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12425373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12425373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12425373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12425373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12425373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8117179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8117179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8117179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8117179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8117179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8117179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12425425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12425425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12425425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12425425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12425425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12425425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156099.596154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156099.596154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156099.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156099.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156099.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156099.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6957214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6957214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6957214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6957214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6957214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6957214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165647.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165647.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165647.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165647.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165647.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165647.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                41720                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              166008846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                41976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3954.851487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.525916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.474084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.912211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.087789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8551840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8551840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7197820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7197820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18971                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18971                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17332                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17332                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15749660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15749660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15749660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15749660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       133518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       134407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       134407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       134407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       134407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16489158433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16489158433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     76970553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76970553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16566128986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16566128986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16566128986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16566128986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8685358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8685358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7198709                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7198709                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17332                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17332                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15884067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15884067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15884067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15884067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123497.644011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123497.644011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86581.049494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86581.049494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123253.468837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123253.468837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123253.468837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123253.468837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        91950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        92687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        92687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        41568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        41720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        41720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4334590422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4334590422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10178256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10178256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4344768678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4344768678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4344768678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4344768678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104277.098297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104277.098297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66962.210526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66962.210526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104141.147603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104141.147603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104141.147603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104141.147603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              557.963938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              926225344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1651025.568627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    32.828166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.135772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.052609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12406797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12406797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12406797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12406797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12406797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12406797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6929798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6929798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6929798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6929798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6929798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6929798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12406842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12406842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12406842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12406842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12406842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12406842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153995.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153995.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153995.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153995.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153995.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153995.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5577831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5577831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5577831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5577831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5577831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5577831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164053.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164053.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164053.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164053.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164053.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164053.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                55670                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              223868928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                55926                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4002.949040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   202.050756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    53.949244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.789261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.210739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18246087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18246087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3503942                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3503942                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8290                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8290                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21750029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       21750029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21750029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      21750029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       194578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       194937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       194937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       194937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       194937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22448278207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22448278207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34374936                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34374936                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22482653143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22482653143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22482653143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22482653143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18440665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18440665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3504301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3504301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21944966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21944966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21944966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21944966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115369.045868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115369.045868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95751.910864                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95751.910864                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115332.918548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115332.918548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115332.918548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115332.918548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       138982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       139267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       139267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5905456226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5905456226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5647766                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5647766                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5911103992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5911103992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5911103992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5911103992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106220.883265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106220.883265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 76321.162162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76321.162162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106181.138710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106181.138710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106181.138710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106181.138710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              559.239350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              926231994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1648099.633452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    34.144632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.094717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.054719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12413447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12413447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12413447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12413447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12413447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12413447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6968324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6968324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6968324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6968324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6968324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6968324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12413492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12413492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12413492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12413492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12413492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12413492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154851.644444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154851.644444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154851.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154851.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154851.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154851.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5707034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5707034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5707034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5707034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5707034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5707034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163058.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163058.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163058.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163058.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163058.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163058.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                55747                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              223884505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                56003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3997.723426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   202.003100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    53.996900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.789075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.210925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     18258230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18258230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3507366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3507366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8293                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8293                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8229                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8229                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     21765596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       21765596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     21765596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      21765596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       194289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          355                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          355                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       194644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       194644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       194644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       194644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22193558014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22193558014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     31326485                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31326485                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22224884499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22224884499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22224884499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22224884499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18452519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18452519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3507721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3507721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8293                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8293                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8229                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8229                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     21960240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21960240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     21960240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21960240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114229.616777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114229.616777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 88243.619718                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88243.619718                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114182.222411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114182.222411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114182.222411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114182.222411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6605                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            6605                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       138616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       138897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       138897                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138897                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5838788398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5838788398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4959253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4959253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5843747651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5843747651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5843747651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5843747651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104876.482280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104876.482280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67016.932432                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67016.932432                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104826.226541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104826.226541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104826.226541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104826.226541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              516.431362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1006686558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1943410.343629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    41.431362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.066396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12423456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12423456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12423456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12423456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12423456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12423456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8250752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8250752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8250752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8250752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8250752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8250752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12423507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12423507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12423507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12423507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12423507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12423507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161779.450980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161779.450980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161779.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161779.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161779.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161779.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7040978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7040978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7040978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7040978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7040978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7040978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163743.674419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163743.674419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163743.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163743.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163743.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163743.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                41713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              166003019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                41969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3955.372275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.527908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.472092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.912218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.087782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8547734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8547734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7196155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7196155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17327                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17327                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15743889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15743889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15743889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15743889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       133726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       134656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       134656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       134656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       134656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16631661247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16631661247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     80738267                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80738267                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16712399514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16712399514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16712399514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16712399514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8681460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8681460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7197085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7197085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17327                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17327                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15878545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15878545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15878545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15878545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124371.186209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124371.186209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 86815.340860                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86815.340860                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124111.807227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124111.807227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124111.807227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124111.807227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        92170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        92170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        92943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        92943                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92943                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4360536436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4360536436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10508753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10508753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4371045189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4371045189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4371045189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4371045189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104931.572721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104931.572721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 66934.732484                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66934.732484                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104788.559658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104788.559658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104788.559658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104788.559658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              516.821458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1006690436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1943417.830116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    41.821458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.067022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12427334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12427334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12427334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12427334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12427334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12427334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8384456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8384456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8384456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8384456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8384456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8384456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12427385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12427385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12427385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12427385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12427385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12427385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164401.098039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164401.098039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164401.098039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164401.098039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164401.098039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164401.098039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7035431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7035431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7035431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7035431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7035431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7035431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163614.674419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163614.674419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163614.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163614.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163614.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163614.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                41727                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              166004934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                41983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3954.098897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.533773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.466227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8549164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8549164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7196616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7196616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18941                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18941                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17330                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17330                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15745780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15745780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15745780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15745780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       133474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          907                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          907                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       134381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       134381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       134381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       134381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16505168320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16505168320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     79027675                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79027675                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16584195995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16584195995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16584195995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16584195995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8682638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8682638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7197523                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7197523                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18941                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18941                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17330                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17330                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15880161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15880161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15880161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15880161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123658.302890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123658.302890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87130.843440                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87130.843440                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123411.762042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123411.762042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123411.762042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123411.762042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8783                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8783                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        91902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        92654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        92654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4330815068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4330815068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10429482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10429482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4341244550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4341244550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4341244550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4341244550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104176.250072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104176.250072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 67286.980645                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67286.980645                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104039.220409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104039.220409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104039.220409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104039.220409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              580.490068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1037048924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1775768.705479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    39.410302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.079766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.063158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12107598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12107598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12107598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12107598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12107598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12107598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8538490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8538490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8538490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8538490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8538490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8538490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12107651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12107651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12107651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12107651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12107651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12107651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161103.584906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161103.584906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161103.584906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161103.584906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161103.584906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161103.584906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6825773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6825773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6825773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6825773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6825773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6825773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166482.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166482.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166482.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166482.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166482.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166482.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                82119                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              448707678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                82375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              5447.134179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.907877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.092123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     31760377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31760377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17392275                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17392275                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     49152652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       49152652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     49152652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      49152652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       291061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       291321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       291321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       291321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       291321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35175146528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35175146528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     24175752                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24175752                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35199322280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35199322280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35199322280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35199322280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     32051438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32051438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17392535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17392535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     49443973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49443973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     49443973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49443973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120851.459069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120851.459069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92983.661538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92983.661538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120826.587441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120826.587441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120826.587441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120826.587441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           15617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       209020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       209202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       209202                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209202                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        82041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        82119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        82119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9125691389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9125691389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5939778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5939778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9131631167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9131631167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9131631167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9131631167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111233.302727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111233.302727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        76151                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76151                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111199.980114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111199.980114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111199.980114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111199.980114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              520.081600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1007792534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1930637.038314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.081600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.061028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12230088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12230088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12230088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12230088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12230088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12230088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7905289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7905289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7905289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7905289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7905289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7905289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12230138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12230138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12230138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12230138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12230138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12230138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158105.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158105.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158105.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158105.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158105.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158105.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6528695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6528695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6528695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6528695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6528695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6528695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163217.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163217.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163217.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163217.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163217.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163217.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                56590                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              172061990                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                56846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3026.809098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.871539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.128461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8626824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8626824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7305670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7305670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16811                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16811                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15932494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15932494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15932494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15932494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       193445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       197324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       197324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       197324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       197324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25259067515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25259067515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    486100341                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    486100341                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25745167856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25745167856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25745167856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25745167856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8820269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8820269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7309549                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7309549                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16811                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16811                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16129818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16129818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16129818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16129818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130574.930936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130574.930936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 125315.890951                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125315.890951                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130471.548600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130471.548600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130471.548600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130471.548600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        22090                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        22090                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           18969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       137014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       140734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       140734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        56431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        56590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        56590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5972488850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5972488850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11049255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11049255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5983538105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5983538105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5983538105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5983538105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105837.019546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105837.019546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69492.169811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69492.169811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105734.902014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105734.902014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105734.902014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105734.902014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              516.803844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1006688637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1943414.357143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    41.803844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.066993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12425535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12425535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12425535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12425535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12425535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12425535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8432171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8432171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8432171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8432171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8432171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8432171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12425587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12425587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12425587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12425587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12425587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12425587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162157.134615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162157.134615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162157.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162157.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162157.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162157.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7008644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7008644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7008644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7008644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7008644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7008644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162991.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162991.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162991.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162991.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162991.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162991.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                41721                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              166010576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                41977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3954.798485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.525234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.474766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8552645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8552645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7198877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7198877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17333                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17333                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15751522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15751522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15751522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15751522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       133423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          921                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          921                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       134344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       134344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       134344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       134344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16523104407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16523104407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81218951                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81218951                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16604323358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16604323358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16604323358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16604323358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8686068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8686068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7199798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7199798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17333                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17333                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15885866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15885866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15885866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15885866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123840.000652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123840.000652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 88185.614549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88185.614549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123595.570759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123595.570759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123595.570759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123595.570759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        91858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        92623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        92623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4333416455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4333416455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10569118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10569118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4343985573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4343985573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4343985573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4343985573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104256.380488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104256.380488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67750.756410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67750.756410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104119.881427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104119.881427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104119.881427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104119.881427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              491.506204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1009887533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2052616.936992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    36.506204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.058504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12525013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12525013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12525013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12525013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12525013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12525013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8408653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8408653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8408653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8408653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8408653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8408653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12525065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12525065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12525065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12525065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12525065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12525065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161704.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161704.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161704.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161704.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161704.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161704.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6259815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6259815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6259815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6259815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6259815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6259815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169184.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169184.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169184.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169184.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169184.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169184.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                37092                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              163817461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                37348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4386.244538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.166532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.833468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.910807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.089193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9993248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9993248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7423596                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7423596                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18055                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18055                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17416844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       17416844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17416844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      17416844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        95188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2137                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2137                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        97325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        97325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        97325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        97325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10239638386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10239638386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    141249069                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    141249069                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10380887455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10380887455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10380887455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10380887455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     10088436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10088436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7425733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7425733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18055                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18055                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17514169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17514169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17514169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17514169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107572.786339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107572.786339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 66096.897052                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66096.897052                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106662.085333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106662.085333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106662.085333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106662.085333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        66890                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 11148.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8088                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8088                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        58308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        60233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        60233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3659573501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3659573501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15957624                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15957624                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3675531125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3675531125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3675531125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3675531125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99229.216405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99229.216405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 75271.811321                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75271.811321                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99092.287420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99092.287420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99092.287420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99092.287420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              493.797463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1009887728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2040177.228283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    38.797463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.062175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12525208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12525208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12525208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12525208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12525208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12525208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8337447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8337447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8337447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8337447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8337447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8337447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12525261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12525261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12525261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12525261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12525261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12525261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157310.320755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157310.320755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157310.320755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157310.320755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157310.320755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157310.320755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6539126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6539126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6539126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6539126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6539126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6539126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163478.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163478.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163478.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163478.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163478.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163478.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                37092                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              163810681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                37348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4386.063002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.172513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.827487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.910830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.089170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      9989054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9989054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7421104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7421104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19138                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19138                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18049                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18049                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17410158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       17410158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17410158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      17410158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        95173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2161                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2161                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        97334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        97334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        97334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        97334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10271447344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10271447344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    143903905                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    143903905                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10415351249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10415351249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10415351249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10415351249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     10084227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10084227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7423265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7423265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19138                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19138                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18049                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18049                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17507492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17507492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17507492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17507492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107923.963141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107923.963141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66591.348913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66591.348913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107006.300460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107006.300460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107006.300460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107006.300460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       151705                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 18963.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        58295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        60242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        60242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3669738641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3669738641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16336872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16336872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3686075513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3686075513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3686075513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3686075513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99510.240279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99510.240279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 76340.523364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76340.523364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99376.564030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99376.564030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99376.564030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99376.564030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              579.652731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1037049656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1778815.876501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.572969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.079762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.061816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12108330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12108330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12108330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12108330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12108330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12108330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8352654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8352654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8352654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8352654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8352654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8352654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12108379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12108379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12108379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12108379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12108379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12108379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170462.326531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170462.326531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170462.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170462.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170462.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170462.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6977978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6977978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6977978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6977978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6977978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6977978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174449.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174449.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174449.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174449.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174449.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174449.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                82214                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              448725827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                82470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5441.079508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.907250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.092750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     31771851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31771851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17398489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17398489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8949                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8949                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8489                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8489                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     49170340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       49170340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     49170340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      49170340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       291718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       291978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       291978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       291978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       291978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35173374606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35173374606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24060801                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24060801                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35197435407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35197435407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35197435407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35197435407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     32063569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32063569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17398749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17398749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8489                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8489                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49462318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49462318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49462318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49462318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120573.206336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120573.206336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92541.542308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92541.542308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120548.244755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120548.244755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120548.244755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120548.244755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15314                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           15314                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       209582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       209764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       209764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9127690674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9127690674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5929819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5929819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9133620493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9133620493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9133620493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9133620493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111128.989408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111128.989408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 76023.320513                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76023.320513                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111095.683132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111095.683132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111095.683132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111095.683132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              528.161500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1012389944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1913780.612476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.161500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.061156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12381895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12381895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12381895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12381895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12381895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12381895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7632110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7632110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7632110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7632110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7632110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7632110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12381947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12381947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12381947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12381947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12381947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12381947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 146771.346154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146771.346154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 146771.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 146771.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 146771.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 146771.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6152372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6152372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6152372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6152372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6152372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6152372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157753.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157753.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157753.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157753.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157753.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157753.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                73073                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              180719103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                73329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2464.497034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.208243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.791757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.914876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.085124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8589091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8589091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7116188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7116188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16602                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16602                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15705279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15705279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15705279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15705279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       184734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          826                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          826                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       185560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       185560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       185560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       185560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22369107722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22369107722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     70809671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70809671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22439917393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22439917393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22439917393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22439917393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8773825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8773825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7117014                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7117014                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16602                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16602                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15890839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15890839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15890839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15890839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121088.200992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121088.200992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85725.993947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85725.993947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120930.790003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120930.790003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120930.790003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120930.790003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       111798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       112487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       112487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        73073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        73073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7987542158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7987542158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9164366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9164366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7996706524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7996706524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7996706524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7996706524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109514.398349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109514.398349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66893.182482                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66893.182482                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109434.490496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109434.490496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109434.490496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109434.490496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              579.400695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1037051336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1775772.835616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.337790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   540.062905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.063041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.865485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12110010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12110010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12110010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12110010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12110010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12110010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9301761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9301761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9301761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9301761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9301761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9301761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12110063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12110063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12110063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12110063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12110063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12110063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175504.924528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175504.924528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175504.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175504.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175504.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175504.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7373767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7373767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7373767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7373767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7373767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7373767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179847.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179847.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179847.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179847.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179847.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179847.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                82256                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              448710788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                82512                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5438.127642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.906594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.093406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     31762495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31762495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17392843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17392843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     49155338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       49155338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     49155338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      49155338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       291982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       292239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       292239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       292239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       292239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35248226572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35248226572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24304791                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24304791                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35272531363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35272531363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35272531363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35272531363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     32054477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32054477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17393100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17393100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     49447577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49447577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     49447577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49447577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120720.546376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120720.546376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94571.171206                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94571.171206                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120697.550166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120697.550166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120697.550166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120697.550166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16144                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           16144                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       209804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       209983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       209983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        82178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        82256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        82256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9137201639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9137201639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6178927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6178927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9143380566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9143380566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9143380566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9143380566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111187.929117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111187.929117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 79217.012821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79217.012821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111157.612405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111157.612405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111157.612405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111157.612405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              580.797614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1037055143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1772743.834188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    40.014112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   540.783501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.064125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.866640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12113817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12113817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12113817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12113817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12113817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12113817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9549559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9549559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9549559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9549559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9549559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9549559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12113869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12113869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12113869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12113869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12113869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12113869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 183645.365385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183645.365385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 183645.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183645.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 183645.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183645.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7846576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7846576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7846576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7846576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7846576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7846576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186823.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186823.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186823.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186823.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186823.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186823.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                82166                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              448702173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                82422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              5443.961236                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.907467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.092533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.437139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.562861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     31757793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31757793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17389358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17389358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8491                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8491                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8482                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8482                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     49147151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       49147151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     49147151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      49147151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       291009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       291268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       291268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       291268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       291268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35066168063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35066168063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     24104012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24104012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35090272075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35090272075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35090272075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35090272075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     32048802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32048802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17389617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17389617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8491                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8491                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     49438419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49438419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     49438419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49438419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120498.568989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120498.568989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93065.683398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93065.683398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120474.175244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120474.175244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120474.175244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120474.175244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           14896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       208921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       209102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       209102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        82088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        82166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        82166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9118646945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9118646945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5987176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5987176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9124634121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9124634121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9124634121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9124634121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111083.799642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111083.799642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 76758.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76758.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111051.214870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111051.214870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111051.214870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111051.214870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              521.871279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1007787983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1923259.509542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    40.779676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   481.091603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.065352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.770980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12225537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12225537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12225537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12225537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12225537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12225537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8375907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8375907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8375907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8375907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8375907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8375907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12225588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12225588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12225588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12225588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12225588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12225588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164233.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164233.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164233.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164233.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164233.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164233.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7052771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7052771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7052771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7052771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7052771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7052771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167923.119048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167923.119048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167923.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167923.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167923.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167923.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                56566                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              172053090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                56822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3027.930907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.870871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.129129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.913558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.086442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8622564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8622564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7301010                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7301010                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17881                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17881                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16801                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16801                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15923574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15923574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15923574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15923574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       193798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       197630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       197630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       197630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       197630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25485985459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25485985459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    479828689                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    479828689                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25965814148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25965814148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25965814148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25965814148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8816362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8816362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7304842                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7304842                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17881                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17881                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16801                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16801                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16121204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16121204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16121204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16121204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 131507.990067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131507.990067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 125216.254958                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125216.254958                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 131385.994778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131385.994778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 131385.994778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131385.994778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18983                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           18983                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       137396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       141064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       141064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        56402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        56566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        56566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6011061889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6011061889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11920507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11920507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6022982396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6022982396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6022982396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6022982396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106575.332240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106575.332240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 72686.018293                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72686.018293                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106477.078033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106477.078033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106477.078033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106477.078033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
