
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001075                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1075336665                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398803687920                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 288175                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   369909                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  26036                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67748592                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41302.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11902303071                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15278120399                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        16512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        16768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        60672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        60928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        45952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               438912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           39552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       214528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            214528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          474                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1676                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1676                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20354556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     15355191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     15593256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     56421400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     56659465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     42732664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     15474224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     58087855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     15712289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               408162406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           36781039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         199498452                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              199498452                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         199498452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20354556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     15355191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     15593256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     56421400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     56659465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     42732664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     15474224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     58087855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     15712289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              607660858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224754                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187033                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79849                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23749                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1944254                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1232433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224754                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103598                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256219                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       166542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          122064                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20756                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2153985     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15616      0.65%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19657      0.82%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31421      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12656      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16816      0.70%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19403      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9104      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131546      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.087156                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.477920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1936317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       179327                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34134                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1505793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1938765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       168223                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1495587                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2089514                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6949969                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6949969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         370662                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141676                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72398                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        16025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388655                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416290                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1823253     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266243     11.05%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110340      4.58%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61529      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82819      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25965      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25442      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13512      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1101      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9713     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1351     10.97%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169777     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18827      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127866      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72015      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388655                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.538500                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5201650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350849                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29968                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141676                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72398                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12738                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24786                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125326                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25050                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192497                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528786                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350849                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          809025                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2172437                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372404                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227168                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21811                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1848616     77.98%     77.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264990     11.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95900      4.05%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47710      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43776      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18442      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18227      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8723      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24306      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24306                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3805644                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2958077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30919                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                168542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.578733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.578733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.387787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.387787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6132080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1889669                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1390866                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         183811                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161601                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16868                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       112544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         109739                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12081                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          568                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1882503                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1042495                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            183811                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       121820                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              229873                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         54735                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        67285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          115962                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16405                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2217439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.534035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.796084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1987566     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          32388      1.46%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          19069      0.86%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          31756      1.43%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          11924      0.54%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          29156      1.31%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5093      0.23%     95.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           9533      0.43%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          90954      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2217439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.071279                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.404264                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1868137                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        82343                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          229249                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          274                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        37432                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        19400                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1180070                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        37432                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1870065                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         44756                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        31995                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          227412                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         5775                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1177663                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1560629                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5360079                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5360079                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1230611                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         330014                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           82                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           15468                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       199014                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        37209                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          242                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8376                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1169359                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          164                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1082912                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1086                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233319                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       494940                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2217439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.114806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1746958     78.78%     78.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153932      6.94%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       147852      6.67%     92.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88361      3.98%     96.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50633      2.28%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13609      0.61%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15375      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          386      0.02%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          333      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2217439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2152     59.15%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          819     22.51%     81.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          667     18.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       857949     79.23%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9262      0.86%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       178886     16.52%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36731      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1082912                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.419937                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3638                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003359                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4387987                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1402851                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1052217                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1086550                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1036                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45665                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1325                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        37432                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         39293                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          759                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1169523                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           71                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       199014                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37209                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          421                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9909                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7994                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        17903                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1066318                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       175583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16594                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             212305                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         160196                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            36722                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.413503                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1052719                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1052217                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          634114                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1439624                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.408034                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.440472                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       818921                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       933559                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236012                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16604                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2180007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825790     83.75%     83.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143456      6.58%     90.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87456      4.01%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28686      1.32%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44983      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9819      0.45%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6396      0.29%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5638      0.26%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27783      1.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2180007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       818921                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       933559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               189233                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              153349                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           142048                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          819423                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12757                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        27783                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3321795                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2376595                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 43105                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                361307                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            818921                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              933559                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       818921                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.148956                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.148956                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.317566                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.317566                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        4930836                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1386295                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1226960                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         200239                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163804                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21408                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80909                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76612                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20333                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1924717                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1119415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            200239                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        96945                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              232322                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         58728                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        93178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles          697                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           40                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          119341                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21280                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2288032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2055710     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          10690      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          16738      0.73%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          22784      1.00%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          23778      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          20273      0.89%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          10755      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          17182      0.75%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         110122      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2288032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077650                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.434093                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1905979                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       113096                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          231769                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          339                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        36845                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        32796                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1371586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        36845                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1911504                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         21983                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        78900                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          226614                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12182                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1370585                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1914455                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6370767                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6370767                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1632485                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         281955                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           37823                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       128955                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        68662                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          783                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        32677                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1368046                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1291703                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          286                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       165354                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       398998                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2288032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1729088     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239496     10.47%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119041      5.20%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81192      3.55%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64584      2.82%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27026      1.18%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17371      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9015      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1219      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2288032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           280     12.10%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          862     37.24%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1173     50.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1087123     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19148      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116915      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68357      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1291703                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.500904                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2315                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4874036                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1533745                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1270246                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1294018                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2573                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22898                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           13                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1211                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        36845                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         19109                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1202                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1368386                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128955                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68662                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1017                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           13                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11599                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12623                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24222                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1272245                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109950                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19455                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             178286                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         180591                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            68336                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.493358                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1270323                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1270246                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          730412                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1966497                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.492583                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371428                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       951440                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1170674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       197712                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        21454                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2251187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1759832     78.17%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249123     11.07%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88793      3.94%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42407      1.88%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42890      1.91%     96.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21197      0.94%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14060      0.62%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8241      0.37%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24644      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2251187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       951440                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1170674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               173505                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              106054                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           168779                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1054764                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        24093                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        24644                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3594916                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2773636                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 31041                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                290714                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            951440                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1170674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       951440                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.710361                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.710361                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.368955                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.368955                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5722929                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1772279                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1271253                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         194776                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159692                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20858                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80220                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74374                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19697                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          916                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1866929                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1113986                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            194776                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        94071                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              243644                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         60129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       148639                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          116845                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20875                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2297936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.593376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2054292     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          25568      1.11%     90.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          30175      1.31%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          16710      0.73%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          18905      0.82%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          10656      0.46%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7606      0.33%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          19235      0.84%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         114789      5.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2297936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075531                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.431987                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1851255                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       164860                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          241625                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1806                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        38386                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        31485                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1359264                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1834                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        38386                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1854425                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         15927                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       140371                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          240066                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8757                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1357711                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1882                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1887923                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6318358                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6318358                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1580904                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         306989                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          344                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           25534                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       130290                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        69495                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1645                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        15249                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1353094                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1270155                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1787                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187213                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434975                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           36                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2297936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.247859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1764249     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214349      9.33%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114788      5.00%     91.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79531      3.46%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70350      3.06%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36013      1.57%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8623      0.38%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5830      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4203      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2297936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           331     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1292     44.64%     56.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1271     43.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1063983     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19793      1.56%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117230      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68995      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1270155                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.492548                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2894                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002278                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4842926                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1540686                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1247227                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1273049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3251                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25680                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1841                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          223                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        38386                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         11517                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          962                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1353441                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          882                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130290                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69495                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          659                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11478                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12072                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        23550                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1250120                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109797                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20034                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             178769                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         173805                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            68972                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.484778                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1247297                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1247227                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          742579                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1946908                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.483656                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381415                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       927934                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1138581                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214848                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        20824                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2259550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503897                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1794637     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215713      9.55%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90305      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53979      2.39%     95.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37557      1.66%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24340      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12862      0.57%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10035      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20122      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2259550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       927934                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1138581                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               172264                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              104610                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           162927                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1026527                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        23179                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        20122                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3592857                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2745268                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 30660                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                280810                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            927934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1138581                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       927934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.779019                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.779019                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.359839                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.359839                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5636948                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1733752                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1266415                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2578742                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         201479                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164692                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21284                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81461                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76756                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20344                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1928094                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1125952                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            201479                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        97100                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              233356                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         58754                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       104065                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          119495                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21142                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2302743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2069387     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          10769      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          16441      0.71%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          22718      0.99%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          23930      1.04%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          20696      0.90%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          10789      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          17262      0.75%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         110751      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2302743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.078131                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.436628                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1908679                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       123943                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          232773                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          348                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        36996                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        33134                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1379247                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        36996                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1914194                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         22413                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        89271                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          227597                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        12268                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1377965                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1924071                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6405067                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6405067                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1639693                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         284378                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          332                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           37951                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       129433                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        69117                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        32719                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1375301                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1297892                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          299                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167390                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       403678                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2302743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.248427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1741412     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240096     10.43%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119629      5.20%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81831      3.55%     94.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64933      2.82%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27186      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17417      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9031      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1208      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2302743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           269     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          864     37.40%     49.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1177     50.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1092379     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19257      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          161      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117291      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68804      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1297892                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.503304                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2310                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001780                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4901136                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1543039                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1276433                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1300202                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2734                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22887                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1357                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        36996                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         19539                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1144                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1375639                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129433                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69117                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          950                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11446                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12572                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        24018                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1278459                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110410                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             179196                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         181508                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            68786                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.495768                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1276499                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1276433                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          733809                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1976491                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.494983                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371269                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       955659                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       199723                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        21330                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2265747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1772291     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249853     11.03%     89.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89265      3.94%     93.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42971      1.90%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43055      1.90%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21257      0.94%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14050      0.62%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8211      0.36%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24794      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2265747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       955659                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1175930                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               174306                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              106546                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           169567                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1059490                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        24209                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        24794                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3616593                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2788305                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 30939                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                275999                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            955659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1175930                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       955659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.698391                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.698391                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.370591                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.370591                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5750411                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1779995                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1278543                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2578419                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         195537                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160275                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80632                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74336                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19734                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          924                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1869546                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1117433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            195537                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        94070                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              244370                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         60378                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       142028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          116965                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20858                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2294937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2050567     89.35%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          25938      1.13%     90.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          30151      1.31%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          16582      0.72%     92.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          18766      0.82%     93.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          10764      0.47%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7458      0.32%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          19219      0.84%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         115492      5.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2294937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075836                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.433379                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1853605                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       158518                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          242040                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2115                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        38655                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        31658                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1363771                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        38655                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1857034                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         14714                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       134846                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          240553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         9131                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1362045                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4437                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1894200                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6338047                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6338047                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1584393                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         309750                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           26583                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       130847                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        69654                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1646                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15296                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1357515                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1273498                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1813                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       188398                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       440064                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2294937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.554916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.250054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1760224     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214096      9.33%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115745      5.04%     91.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79541      3.47%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70450      3.07%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        35935      1.57%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9038      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5678      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4230      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2294937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.36%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1303     44.85%     56.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1272     43.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1066851     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19789      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117594      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69110      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1273498                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.493907                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2905                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002281                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4846651                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1546288                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1250147                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1276403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3174                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25980                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1839                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          191                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        38655                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         10255                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1357858                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          753                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130847                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69654                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          682                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11341                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12205                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        23546                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1253071                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110077                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20427                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             179157                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         174344                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            69080                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.485984                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1250222                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1250147                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          744108                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1951845                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.484850                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381233                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929962                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1141115                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216675                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        20835                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2256282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1790354     79.35%     79.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216138      9.58%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90548      4.01%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54146      2.40%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37475      1.66%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24460      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12981      0.58%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10083      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20097      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2256282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       929962                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1141115                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               172640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              104850                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           163302                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1028829                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        23243                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        20097                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3593975                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2754318                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 30673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                283482                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            929962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1141115                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       929962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.772607                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.772607                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.360671                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.360671                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5650052                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1737822                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1270172                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         150757                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       123007                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16243                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60963                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56651                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          15022                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          709                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1458606                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts               892339                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            150757                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        71673                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              182767                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         51017                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       143066                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines           91346                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16202                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      1818634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.951107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1635867     89.95%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           9623      0.53%     90.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          15146      0.83%     91.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          23093      1.27%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4           9416      0.52%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          11136      0.61%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          11767      0.65%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8341      0.46%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          94245      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      1818634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.058461                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.346036                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1439203                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       163052                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          181365                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1103                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        33910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        24382                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1081969                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        33910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1443126                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         69746                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        81538                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          178617                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        11694                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1079048                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5982                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          696                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1477324                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5029295                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5029295                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1211603                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         265716                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          234                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          124                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           34321                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       109765                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        60369                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2940                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        11502                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1074889                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          234                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1000983                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1890                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       168014                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       392836                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1818634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.237692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1391534     76.52%     76.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       173441      9.54%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        96010      5.28%     91.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62902      3.46%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57222      3.15%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17453      0.96%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12742      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4429      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2901      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1818634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           274     11.84%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          931     40.23%     52.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1109     47.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       824173     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18360      1.83%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          110      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        99386      9.93%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58954      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1000983                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.388167                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2314                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002312                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3824804                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1243198                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       981825                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1003297                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4565                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24115                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4342                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          809                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        33910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         59525                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1352                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1075123                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          445                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109765                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60369                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          124                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          736                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8609                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10118                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        18727                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts       985748                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93926                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15235                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             152752                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         133577                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            58826                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.382259                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent               981925                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count              981825                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          581739                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1475552                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.380737                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394252                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       725653                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       884804                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       191149                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16488                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1784724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1425770     79.89%     79.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       171127      9.59%     89.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70864      3.97%     93.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36390      2.04%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26951      1.51%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15647      0.88%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9514      0.53%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8032      0.45%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20429      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1784724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       725653                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       884804                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               141674                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads               85647                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           122864                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          799925                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        17244                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        20429                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            2840248                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2185830                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 26226                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                760112                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            725653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              884804                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       725653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.553690                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.553690                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.281398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.281398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        4473637                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1343207                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1024390                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         150324                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122619                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16133                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60749                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56684                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14881                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          688                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1452167                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts               889260                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            150324                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        71565                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              182352                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         50747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       159145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines           90953                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16109                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      1827700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.592009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1645348     90.02%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           9653      0.53%     90.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          15187      0.83%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          22888      1.25%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4           9538      0.52%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          11207      0.61%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          11830      0.65%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           8235      0.45%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8          93814      5.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      1827700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.058293                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.344842                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1433294                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       178626                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          180898                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1130                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        33751                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        24315                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1078378                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        33751                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1437170                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         72051                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        94927                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          178247                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        11551                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1075322                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2080                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5916                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          857                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1471494                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      5012214                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      5012214                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1206946                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         264548                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          235                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          125                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           33964                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       109579                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        60132                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2933                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        11440                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1071088                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          235                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued          996969                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1855                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       166887                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       393588                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1827700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.233618                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1402547     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172711      9.45%     86.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95266      5.21%     91.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62602      3.43%     94.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57023      3.12%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17662      0.97%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12572      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4450      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2867      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1827700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           285     12.10%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          957     40.64%     52.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1113     47.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       820952     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18303      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          110      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98886      9.92%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58718      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total       996969                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.386610                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2355                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002362                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3825848                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1238269                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       978020                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses       999324                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4548                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24224                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4279                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          800                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        33751                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         61855                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1353                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1071323                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          447                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109579                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60132                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          731                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8565                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10060                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        18625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts       981928                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93505                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15041                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             152092                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         133032                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            58587                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.380777                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent               978122                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count              978020                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          579814                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1470853                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.379262                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.394203                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       722977                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps       881530                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       190583                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        16380                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1793949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1436487     80.07%     80.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170530      9.51%     89.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70280      3.92%     93.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36314      2.02%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26913      1.50%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15512      0.86%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9496      0.53%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8026      0.45%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20391      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1793949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       722977                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps       881530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               141208                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads               85355                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           122376                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          797011                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        17187                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        20391                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            2845671                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2177984                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 26166                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                751046                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            722977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps              881530                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       722977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.566844                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.566844                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.280360                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.280360                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        4456427                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1337695                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1020750                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2578714                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         171706                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       154720                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10820                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67943                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          59267                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9182                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          503                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1806252                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1077974                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            171706                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        68449                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              212436                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         34712                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       280777                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          105404                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10686                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2323110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.545283                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2110674     90.86%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           7467      0.32%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          15326      0.66%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           6332      0.27%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          34701      1.49%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          31426      1.35%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           5671      0.24%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          12427      0.53%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          99086      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2323110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.066586                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.418028                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1785381                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       302087                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          211437                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          763                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        23436                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        15043                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1263478                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1277                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        23436                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1788527                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        266664                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        26396                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          209365                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8716                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1261317                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           37                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         3998                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         3124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          144                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1486526                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5935770                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5935770                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1276278                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         210142                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           81                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           22902                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       296085                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       148196                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1395                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         7096                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1256220                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          151                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1193453                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1054                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       121789                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       303010                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2323110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.513731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1894043     81.53%     81.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       130757      5.63%     87.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       106883      4.60%     91.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45623      1.96%     93.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57124      2.46%     96.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        54038      2.33%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30605      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2551      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1486      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2323110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2962     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22744     86.14%     97.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          699      2.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       749713     62.82%     62.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10357      0.87%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       285843     23.95%     87.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       147470     12.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1193453                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.462809                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26405                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022125                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4737475                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1378209                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1181186                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1219858                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2038                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15743                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1635                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          105                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        23436                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        260238                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2620                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1256371                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       296085                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       148196                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           81                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1585                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5481                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6874                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        12355                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1183732                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       284750                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9721                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             432185                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         154577                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           147435                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.459040                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1181295                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1181186                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          639305                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1263460                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.458052                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.505995                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       949870                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1115867                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       140522                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        10820                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2299674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.485228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1892817     82.31%     82.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149805      6.51%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69817      3.04%     91.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68726      2.99%     94.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18793      0.82%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78644      3.42%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6210      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4298      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10564      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2299674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       949870                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1115867                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               426892                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              280334                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           147137                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          992277                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        10715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        10564                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3545499                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2536310                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 40310                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                255604                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            949870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1115867                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       949870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.714807                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.714807                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.368350                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.368350                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5849153                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1374146                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1497085                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         225826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187924                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21931                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84938                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80229                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23866                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1953295                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1238242                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            225826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       104095                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              257427                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         62045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       150780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          122631                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20846                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.633469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.002847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2147652     89.30%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          15681      0.65%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          19741      0.82%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          31579      1.31%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          12732      0.53%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          16899      0.70%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          19499      0.81%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9141      0.38%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         132155      5.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2405079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.087572                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.480172                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1945517                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       163622                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          256126                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39690                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        34296                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1512894                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39690                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1947972                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          5328                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       152492                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          253759                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         5833                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1502653                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2099353                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6982712                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6982712                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1726960                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         372393                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           21331                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       142341                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        72720                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          774                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1465743                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          360                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1395211                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1825                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196411                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       417926                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1815373     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       267504     11.12%     86.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110841      4.61%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61778      2.57%     93.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83247      3.46%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26100      1.09%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25552      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13581      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1103      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9755     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1362     11.01%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1258     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1175304     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18929      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       128470      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72338      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1395211                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541042                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12375                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5209701                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1662534                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1357222                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1407586                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          940                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30100                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39690                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1466105                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       142341                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72720                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12099                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12797                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24896                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1370033                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125917                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             198215                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         193412                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            72298                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531279                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1357253                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1357222                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          812836                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2182498                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.526311                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372434                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1004747                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1237942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228167                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          349                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21907                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2365389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1840826     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266260     11.26%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96342      4.07%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47948      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43988      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18532      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18320      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8762      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24411      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2365389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1004747                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1237942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               183466                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              112241                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               174                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           179496                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1114459                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        25545                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        24411                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3807074                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2971913                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 31051                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                173667                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1004747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1237942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1004747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.566563                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.566563                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.389626                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.389626                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6161021                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1898545                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1397416                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          348                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         200496                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163956                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21361                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80313                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76410                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20210                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          956                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1924536                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1121764                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            200496                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        96620                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              232593                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         58981                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       103248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          119307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21235                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2297755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2065162     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          10800      0.47%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          16673      0.73%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          22679      0.99%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          23849      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          20280      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          10593      0.46%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          17093      0.74%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         110626      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2297755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077749                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.435004                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1904971                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       123254                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          232025                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          355                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37146                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        32903                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1374027                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37146                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1910525                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         20580                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        90279                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          226826                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12395                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1372909                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1917401                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6380826                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6380826                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1633019                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         284340                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          330                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           38756                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       128986                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        68749                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          826                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        31844                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1370396                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1292791                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          285                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167019                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404117                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2297755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.248221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1738703     75.67%     75.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239271     10.41%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119348      5.19%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81125      3.53%     94.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64342      2.80%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27084      1.18%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17756      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8883      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1243      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2297755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           279     12.06%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          855     36.96%     49.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1179     50.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1088167     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19178      1.48%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116812      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68474      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1292791                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.501325                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2313                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4885932                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1537763                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1271267                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1295104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2771                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22894                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1277                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37146                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         17644                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1370735                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128986                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68749                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          963                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11533                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12667                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        24200                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1273364                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110032                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19424                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             178491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         180645                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            68459                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.493792                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1271334                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1271267                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          730875                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1968212                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.492979                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371340                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       951751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1171065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       199667                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        21406                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1769258     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       248923     11.01%     89.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88895      3.93%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42547      1.88%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42790      1.89%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21238      0.94%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14056      0.62%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8191      0.36%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24711      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       951751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1171065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               173564                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              106092                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           168834                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1055118                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        24102                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        24711                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3606617                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2778631                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 31012                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                280991                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            951751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1171065                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       951751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.709475                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.709475                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.369075                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.369075                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5727678                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1773284                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1273697                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         195193                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160002                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20858                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80513                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74228                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19699                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1866364                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1115497                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            195193                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        93927                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              243984                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         60216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       143943                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          116720                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20789                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2293190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.595606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2049206     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          25908      1.13%     90.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          30116      1.31%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          16555      0.72%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          18747      0.82%     93.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          10744      0.47%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7402      0.32%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          19183      0.84%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         115329      5.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2293190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075693                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.432573                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1850597                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       160259                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          241658                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2111                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        38561                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        31604                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1361522                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        38561                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1854023                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         14420                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       136953                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          240218                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         9011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1359794                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1891491                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6328186                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6328186                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1582695                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         308796                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           26251                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       130569                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        69551                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1640                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        15280                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1355538                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1271879                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1803                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187814                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438473                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2293190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.554633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1759135     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       213829      9.32%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115621      5.04%     91.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79501      3.47%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70280      3.06%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        35894      1.57%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9024      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5677      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4229      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2293190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.36%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1303     44.87%     56.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1271     43.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1065515     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19784      1.56%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117394      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69032      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1271879                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.493216                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2904                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002283                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4841655                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1543727                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1248605                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1274783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3177                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25854                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          142                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        38561                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         10112                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1355880                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          573                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130569                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69551                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          677                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11326                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12198                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        23524                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1251469                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109880                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             178882                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         174116                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            69002                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.485301                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1248680                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1248605                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          743297                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1949828                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.484191                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381212                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       928963                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1139836                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216055                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        20815                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2254629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1789280     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215834      9.57%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90440      4.01%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54090      2.40%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37423      1.66%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24440      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12972      0.58%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10072      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20078      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2254629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       928963                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1139836                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               172434                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              104715                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           163090                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1027670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        23205                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        20078                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3590442                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2750346                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 30577                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                285556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            928963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1139836                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       928963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.775940                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.775940                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.360238                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.360238                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5643128                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1735850                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1268045                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2577948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         151108                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       123336                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16217                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63036                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57032                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14885                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          709                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1456889                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts               892298                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            151108                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        71917                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              182859                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         51144                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       160959                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines           91218                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16170                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      1835049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.591141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1652190     90.04%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           9637      0.53%     90.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          15286      0.83%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          23140      1.26%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4           9435      0.51%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          11096      0.60%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          11954      0.65%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           8289      0.45%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8          94022      5.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      1835049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.058616                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.346127                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1437594                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       180869                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          181394                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1134                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        34057                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        24394                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1081057                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        34057                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1441522                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         79154                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        88670                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          178661                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12982                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1077981                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2350                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1906                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1475239                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5022174                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5022174                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1208059                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         267066                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          237                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          127                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           34260                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       109658                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        60244                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2990                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        11447                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1073596                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          237                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued          999099                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1933                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       168000                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       393119                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1835049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.231127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1408150     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       173610      9.46%     86.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        96061      5.23%     91.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62957      3.43%     94.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56857      3.10%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17476      0.95%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12713      0.69%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4390      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2835      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1835049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           285     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          903     39.45%     51.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1101     48.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       822736     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18321      1.83%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          110      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        99058      9.91%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58874      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total       999099                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.387556                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2289                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002291                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3837469                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1241898                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       980205                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1001388                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4692                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24211                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4331                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          784                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        34057                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         66033                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1378                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1073833                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          448                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109658                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60244                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          127                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          780                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8585                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10129                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        18714                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts       984048                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93709                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             152458                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         133526                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            58749                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.381718                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent               980291                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count              980205                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          580919                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1472504                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.380227                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394511                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       723648                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps       882355                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       192297                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        16467                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1800992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1442698     80.11%     80.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170918      9.49%     89.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70727      3.93%     93.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36318      2.02%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26953      1.50%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15535      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9605      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7992      0.44%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20246      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1800992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       723648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps       882355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               141348                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads               85439                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           122494                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          797748                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        17200                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        20246                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            2855398                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2183448                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 25999                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                742899                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            723648                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps              882355                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       723648                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.562434                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.562434                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.280707                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.280707                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        4465723                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1340352                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1024194                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         225260                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187473                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21885                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84713                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80013                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23801                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1948170                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1235213                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            225260                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       103814                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              256784                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         61910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       161632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          122315                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20802                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2409859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.630670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.998906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2153075     89.34%     89.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          15645      0.65%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          19688      0.82%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          31494      1.31%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          12690      0.53%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          16853      0.70%     93.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          19450      0.81%     94.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9114      0.38%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         131850      5.47%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2409859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.087353                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.478998                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1940221                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       174426                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          255484                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          119                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        39603                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        34200                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1509192                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        39603                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1942672                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          5329                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       163307                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          253122                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         5821                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1498970                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2094319                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6965712                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6965712                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1722725                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         371576                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           21287                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       141983                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        72542                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        16070                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1462197                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1391787                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1824                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196039                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       417185                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2409859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577539                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1821623     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266819     11.07%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110580      4.59%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61627      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83035      3.45%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26022      1.08%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25495      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13557      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1101      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2409859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9739     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1353     10.96%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1256     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1172428     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18887      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       128143      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72159      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1391787                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.539715                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5207605                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1658612                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1353877                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1404135                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30037                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        39603                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          4038                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1462555                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141983                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72542                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12070                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12772                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        24842                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1366670                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125597                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25117                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             197717                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         192925                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            72120                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.529975                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1353908                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1353877                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          810882                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2177421                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.525014                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372405                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1002246                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1234854                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227696                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        21859                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.338465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1847025     77.93%     77.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       265575     11.20%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96115      4.06%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47813      2.02%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43869      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18486      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18271      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8738      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24364      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1002246                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1234854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               182993                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              111942                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           179048                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1111659                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        25473                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        24364                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3808429                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2964717                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 30970                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                168887                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1002246                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1234854                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1002246                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.572967                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.572967                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.388656                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.388656                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6145834                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1893994                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1393958                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         195102                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159912                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20905                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80390                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74547                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19767                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          920                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1870836                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1115761                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            195102                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        94314                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              244089                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         60139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       150227                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          117021                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20868                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2303896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.592844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2059807     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          25626      1.11%     90.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          30244      1.31%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          16758      0.73%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          18931      0.82%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          10692      0.46%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7569      0.33%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          19287      0.84%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         114982      4.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2303896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075658                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.432676                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1855248                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       166358                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          242065                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1816                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        38405                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        31571                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          339                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1361596                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1842                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        38405                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1858423                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         14873                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       142924                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          240575                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         8692                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1360102                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1899                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1891440                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6330156                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6330156                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1584699                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         306680                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          345                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           25249                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       130510                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        69689                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1662                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15292                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1355873                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          345                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1273068                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1792                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187076                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434298                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           36                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2303896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.247634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1768926     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214878      9.33%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115094      5.00%     91.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79746      3.46%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70457      3.06%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36099      1.57%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8643      0.38%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5841      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4212      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2303896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           332     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1300     44.77%     56.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1272     43.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1066356     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19865      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117508      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69185      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1273068                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.493677                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2904                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002281                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4854728                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1543329                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1250125                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1275972                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3265                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25603                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1845                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           78                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          164                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        38405                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         10526                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          971                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1356221                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          646                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130510                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69689                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          666                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11510                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12092                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        23602                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1252978                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110052                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20090                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             179214                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         174224                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            69162                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.485887                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1250196                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1250125                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          744340                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1951358                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.484780                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381447                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       930241                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1141403                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214761                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        20872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2265491                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1799427     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216246      9.55%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90538      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54102      2.39%     95.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37647      1.66%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24404      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12894      0.57%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10061      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20172      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2265491                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       930241                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1141403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               172728                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              104893                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           163314                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1029110                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        23245                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        20172                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3601483                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2750798                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 30690                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                274850                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            930241                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1141403                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       930241                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.772127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.772127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.360734                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.360734                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5650252                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1737695                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1268628                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         225791                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187895                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21929                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84927                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80219                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23862                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1003                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1952792                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1237950                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            225791                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       104081                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              257374                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         62037                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       151317                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3644                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          122602                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20843                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.633331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.002639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2147722     89.30%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          15674      0.65%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          19740      0.82%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          31572      1.31%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          12730      0.53%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          16899      0.70%     93.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          19498      0.81%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9139      0.38%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         132122      5.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2405096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.087558                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.480059                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1945078                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       164136                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          256071                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          120                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        39685                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        34291                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1512572                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        39685                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1947533                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          5326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       153008                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          253706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         5833                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1502331                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2098839                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6981222                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6981222                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1726438                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         372367                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           21321                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       142323                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        72712                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          774                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        16107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1465427                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          358                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1394885                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196394                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       417877                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1815554     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       267399     11.12%     86.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110830      4.61%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61757      2.57%     93.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83234      3.46%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26098      1.09%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25541      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13581      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1102      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9755     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1360     10.99%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1258     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1175009     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18929      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       128449      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72328      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1394885                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.540916                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12373                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5209062                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1662199                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1356898                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1407258                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30093                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        39685                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1465787                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       142323                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72712                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12097                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12796                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24893                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1369711                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125900                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25174                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             198188                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         193379                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            72288                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.531154                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1356929                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1356898                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          812628                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2181962                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.526185                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372430                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1004441                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1237608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228148                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          347                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21904                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2365411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1841008     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266161     11.25%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96330      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47933      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43967      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18531      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18311      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8761      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24409      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2365411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1004441                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1237608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               183434                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              112221                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               173                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           179463                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1114151                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        25542                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        24409                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3806745                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2971237                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 31042                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                173650                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1004441                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1237608                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1004441                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.567344                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.567344                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.389508                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.389508                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6159549                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1898036                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1397093                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          346                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.880725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.880725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    16.741531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    38.134612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1950.123857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.008175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.018620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.952209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     153277285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      153277285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     153277285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929966.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476247.326531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929966.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476247.326531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929966.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476247.326531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          184                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.972799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          51303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        22.985215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.972799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.258496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    97.838534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1903.902971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.005986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.047773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.929640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          285                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   285                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 184                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11903574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    132440896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     144344470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11903574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    132440896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      144344470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11903574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    132440896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     144344470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.392324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.392324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.392324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 915659.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 774508.163743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 784480.815217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 915659.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 774508.163743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 784480.815217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 915659.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 774508.163743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 784480.815217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10762174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    117424002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128186176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10762174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    117424002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128186176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10762174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    117424002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128186176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 827859.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 686690.070175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       696664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 827859.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 686690.070175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       696664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 827859.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 686690.070175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       696664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2046.550486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.550486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    26.278431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    59.329828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1932.391742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.012831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.028970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.943551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82821037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     99534963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     182356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82821037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     99534963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      182356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82821037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     99534963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     182356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3067445.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 873113.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1293304.964539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3067445.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 873113.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1293304.964539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3067445.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 873113.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1293304.964539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80450437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     89525763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169976200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80450437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     89525763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169976200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80450437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     89525763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169976200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2979645.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785313.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205504.964539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2979645.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785313.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205504.964539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2979645.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785313.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205504.964539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.403448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         135152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        61.656934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          96.855813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.574585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    71.399629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1864.573421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.007116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.034863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.910436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          327                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   327                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13724985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    108399702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     122124687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13724985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    108399702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      122124687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13724985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    108399702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     122124687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.282895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.305732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.282895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.305732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.282895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.305732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       914999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 840307.767442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848088.104167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       914999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 840307.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 848088.104167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       914999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 840307.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 848088.104167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 92                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      92                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12407985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     97069628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109477613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12407985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     97069628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109477613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12407985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     97069628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109477613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.282895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.282895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.282895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       827199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 752477.736434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760261.201389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       827199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 752477.736434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760261.201389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       827199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 752477.736434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760261.201389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2046.548602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.548602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    26.302188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    59.359241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1932.338572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.012843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.028984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.943525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71137186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     96598585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     167735771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71137186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     96598585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      167735771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71137186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     96598585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     167735771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2634710.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 847356.008772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1189615.397163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2634710.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 847356.008772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1189615.397163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2634710.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 847356.008772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1189615.397163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68765587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     86588363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155353950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68765587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     86588363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    155353950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68765587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     86588363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    155353950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2546873.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 759547.043860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1101801.063830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2546873.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 759547.043860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1101801.063830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2546873.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 759547.043860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1101801.063830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          145                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.055981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         135153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        61.629275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          97.238355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.733352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    71.790826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1864.293447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.035054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.910300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            170                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 170                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   328                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 147                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17811489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    105038384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     122849873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1093673                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1093673                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17811489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    106132057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      123943546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17811489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    106132057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     123943546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          170                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             170                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.286957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.308017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.288503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.309474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.288503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.309474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1272249.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 795745.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 841437.486301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1093673                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1093673                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1272249.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 797985.390977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 843153.374150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1272249.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 797985.390977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 843153.374150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16582289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     93624384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110206673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1005873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16582289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     94630257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111212546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16582289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     94630257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111212546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.286957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.288503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.288503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1184449.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 709275.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754840.226027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1005873                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005873                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1184449.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 711505.691729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756547.931973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1184449.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 711505.691729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756547.931973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          492                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2045.030942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          86608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        34.164892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks         115.463702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.297460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   216.707514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1700.562265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.056379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.105814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.830353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.998550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            356                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 356                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   309                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          474                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 487                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12255307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    434536448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     446791755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     35387149                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     35387149                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12255307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    469923597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      482178904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12255307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    469923597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     482178904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          356                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             356                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.584118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.591270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.605364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.611809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.605364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.611809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 942715.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1001236.055300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 999534.127517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 884678.725000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 884678.725000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 942715.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 991399.993671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 990100.418891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 942715.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 991399.993671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 990100.418891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                261                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     261                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11113198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    396417841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    407531039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     31873679                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31873679                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11113198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    428291520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    439404718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11113198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    428291520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    439404718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.584118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.591270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.605364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.605364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 854861.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 913405.163594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 911702.548098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 796841.975000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796841.975000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 854861.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 903568.607595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902268.414784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 854861.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 903568.607595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902268.414784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          495                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2045.157692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                          86608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        34.097638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks         115.567518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.307448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   217.013837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1700.268889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.056429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.105964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.830209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.998612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            357                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 357                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          308                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   308                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          476                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 489                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11699358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    460030456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     471729814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33839353                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33839353                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11699358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    493869809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      505569167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11699358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    493869809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     505569167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.587684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.607143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.613551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.607143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.613551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 899950.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1047905.366743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1043650.030973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 914577.108108                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 914577.108108                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 899950.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1037541.615546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1033883.777096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 899950.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1037541.615546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1033883.777096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                265                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     265                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10557958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    421484398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    432042356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     30589029                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30589029                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10557958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    452073427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    462631385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10557958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    452073427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    462631385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.587684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 812150.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 960101.134396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 955845.920354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 826730.513514                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 826730.513514                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 812150.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 949734.090336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946076.451943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 812150.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 949734.090336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946076.451943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          373                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         113267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        46.785213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.583848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.390470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   175.385302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1853.640381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.085637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.905098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          345                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   345                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          359                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 373                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12767352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    335759178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     348526530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12767352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    335759178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      348526530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12767352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    335759178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     348526530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.509943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.519499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.509943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.519499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.509943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.519499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 911953.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 935262.334262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934387.479893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 911953.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 935262.334262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934387.479893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 911953.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 935262.334262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934387.479893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 76                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      76                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11538152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    304237031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    315775183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11538152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    304237031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    315775183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11538152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    304237031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    315775183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.509943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.509943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.509943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 824153.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 847456.910864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846582.260054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 824153.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 847456.910864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846582.260054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 824153.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 847456.910864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846582.260054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2046.882919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         132011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        61.543590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.882919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    16.751617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    38.225217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1950.023166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.008180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.018665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.952160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          273                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96321333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66217884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     162539217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96321333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66217884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      162539217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96321333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66217884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     162539217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.208696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.262735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.208696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.262735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3704666.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 919692.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1658563.438776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3704666.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 919692.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1658563.438776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3704666.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 919692.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1658563.438776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94030556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     59865003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153895559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94030556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     59865003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153895559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94030556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     59865003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153895559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3616559.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 831458.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1570362.846939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3616559.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 831458.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1570362.846939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3616559.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 831458.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1570362.846939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2046.551988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.551988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    26.279271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    59.294549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1932.426179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.012832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.028952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.943567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72430522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98569582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     171000104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72430522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98569582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      171000104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72430522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98569582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     171000104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2682611.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 864645.456140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1212766.695035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2682611.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 864645.456140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1212766.695035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2682611.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 864645.456140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1212766.695035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70059922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     88560382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    158620304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70059922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     88560382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    158620304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70059922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     88560382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    158620304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2594811.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 776845.456140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1124966.695035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2594811.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 776845.456140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1124966.695035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2594811.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 776845.456140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1124966.695035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.051540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         135152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        61.656934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          97.244413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.733199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    71.556984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1864.516943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.034940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.910409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   328                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15714709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    107280465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     122995174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1093797                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1093797                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15714709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    108374262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      124088971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15714709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    108374262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     124088971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.282276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.283843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.305085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.283843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.305085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1122479.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 831631.511628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860106.111888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1093797                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1093797                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1122479.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 833648.169231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861728.965278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1122479.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 833648.169231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861728.965278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14485509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     95948062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110433571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1005997                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005997                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14485509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     96954059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111439568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14485509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     96954059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111439568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.282276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.283843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.283843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1034679.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 743783.426357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772262.734266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1005997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1034679.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 745800.453846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773885.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1034679.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 745800.453846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773885.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          504                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2044.930109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          86611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        33.991758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks         111.918605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.304525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   221.322787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1699.384192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.054648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.006008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.108068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.829777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.998501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            357                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 357                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          310                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   310                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          488                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 501                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9040058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    456402741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     465442799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     37286542                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     37286542                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9040058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    493689283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      502729341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9040058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    493689283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     502729341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.591568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.598446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.611529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.617756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.611529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.617756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 695389.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1016487.173719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1007451.945887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 956065.179487                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 956065.179487                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 695389.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1011658.366803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1003451.778443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 695389.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1011658.366803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1003451.778443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                272                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     272                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7898658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    417066161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    424964819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     33862246                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33862246                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7898658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    450928407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    458827065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7898658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    450928407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    458827065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.591568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.598446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.611529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.611529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 607589.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 928877.864143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 919837.270563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 868262.717949                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868262.717949                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 607589.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 924033.620902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 915822.485030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 607589.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 924033.620902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 915822.485030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2046.884861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.884861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    16.739357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    38.154350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1950.106293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.008174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.018630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.952200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     83243553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     69804158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     153047711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     83243553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     69804158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      153047711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     83243553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     69804158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     153047711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3201675.115385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 969502.194444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1561711.336735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3201675.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 969502.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1561711.336735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3201675.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 969502.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1561711.336735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80960753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     63481334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144442087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80960753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     63481334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144442087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80960753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     63481334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144442087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3113875.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 881685.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1473898.846939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3113875.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 881685.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1473898.846939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3113875.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 881685.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1473898.846939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          147                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.422631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         135156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        61.574487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          96.836066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.594668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    72.021797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1863.970101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.007126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.035167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.910142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            171                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 171                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          329                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   329                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 148                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12694241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    104877335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     117571576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12694241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    104877335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      117571576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12694241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    104877335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     117571576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          171                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             171                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.287879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.310273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.287879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.310273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.287879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.310273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 846282.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 788551.390977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 794402.540541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 846282.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 788551.390977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 794402.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 846282.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 788551.390977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 794402.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11376878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     93286003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104662881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11376878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     93286003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104662881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11376878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     93286003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104662881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.287879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.287879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.287879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 758458.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 701398.518797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707181.628378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 758458.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 701398.518797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707181.628378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 758458.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 701398.518797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707181.628378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2046.883119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         132011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        61.543590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.883119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    16.750007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    38.211322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1950.038671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.008179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.018658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.952167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          273                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95129282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     65484321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     160613603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95129282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     65484321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      160613603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95129282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     65484321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     160613603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.208696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.262735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.208696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.262735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3658818.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 909504.458333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1638914.316327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3658818.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 909504.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1638914.316327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3658818.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 909504.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1638914.316327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92845519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     59161358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152006877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92845519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     59161358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152006877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92845519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     59161358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152006877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3570981.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 821685.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1551090.581633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3570981.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 821685.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1551090.581633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3570981.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 821685.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1551090.581633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              472.554359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750129988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1553064.157350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.554359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.028132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1483725                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 741862.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181791.938230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.298032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.701968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.458195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.541805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    194842081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194842081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195834825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195834825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195834825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195834825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 230309.788416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230309.788416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91314177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91314177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91522530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91522530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91522530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91522530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 268571.108824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268571.108824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              538.257430                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              643362983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1193623.345083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.257430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.019643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       115947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        115947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       115947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         115947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       115947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        115947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13436106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13436106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13436106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13436106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13436106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13436106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       115962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       115962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       115962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       115962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       115962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       115962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 895740.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895740.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 895740.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895740.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 895740.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895740.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12015674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12015674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12015674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12015674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12015674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12015674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 924282.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924282.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 924282.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924282.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 924282.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924282.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              150633965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             211564.557584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   141.493077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   114.506923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.552707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.447293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       158147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        158147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       193865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         193865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       193865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        193865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    721342929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    721342929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    721342929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    721342929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    721342929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    721342929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       159796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       159796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        35718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       195514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       195514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       195514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       195514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 437442.649485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437442.649485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 437442.649485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437442.649485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 437442.649485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437442.649485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    152508299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152508299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    152508299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152508299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    152508299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152508299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 334448.024123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334448.024123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 334448.024123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334448.024123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 334448.024123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334448.024123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              502.260351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              746680840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1484454.950298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    27.260351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.043686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       119302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       119302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         119302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       119302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        119302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     95521216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95521216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     95521216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95521216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     95521216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95521216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       119340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       119340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       119340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       119340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       119340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2513716.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2513716.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2513716.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2513716.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2513716.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2513716.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       900423                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 450211.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83111672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83111672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83111672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83111672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83111672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83111672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2968274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2968274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2968274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2968274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2968274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2968274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              112792139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             171939.236280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   157.546795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    98.453205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.615417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.384583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        80590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        67121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         147711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        147711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    439833353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    439833353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1158740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1158740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    440992093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    440992093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    440992093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    440992093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        81882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        67135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       149017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       149017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340428.291796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340428.291796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82767.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82767.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 337666.227412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337666.227412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 337666.227412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337666.227412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118865158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118865158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    119057458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119057458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    119057458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119057458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 299408.458438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299408.458438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 297643.645000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297643.645000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 297643.645000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297643.645000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              496.573360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              747244103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1503509.261569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.573360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.023355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       116826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       116826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         116826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       116826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        116826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     17958935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17958935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     17958935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17958935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     17958935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17958935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       116845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       116845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       116845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       116845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       116845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 945207.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945207.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 945207.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945207.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 945207.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945207.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13849681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13849681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13849681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13849681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13849681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13849681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 923312.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923312.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 923312.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923312.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 923312.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923312.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              117744458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             165371.429775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   156.633468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    99.366532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.611849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.388151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        80193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        67231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         147424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        147424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    564029562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    564029562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     76245791                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76245791                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    640275353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    640275353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    640275353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    640275353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        81780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        67330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       149110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       149110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.019406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001470                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001470                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 355406.151229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 355406.151229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 770159.505051                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 770159.505051                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 379759.995848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 379759.995848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 379759.995848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 379759.995848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2614363                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 871454.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130838196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130838196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130838196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130838196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130838196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130838196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 286925.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286925.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 286925.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286925.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 286925.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286925.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              502.282860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              746680993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1484455.254473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    27.282860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.043723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       119455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       119455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         119455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       119455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        119455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     89204273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89204273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     89204273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89204273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     89204273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89204273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       119495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       119495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       119495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       119495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       119495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2230106.825000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2230106.825000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2230106.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2230106.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2230106.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2230106.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71428786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71428786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71428786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71428786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71428786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71428786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2551028.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2551028.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2551028.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2551028.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2551028.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2551028.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              112792619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             171939.967988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   157.371256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    98.628744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.614731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.385269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        80763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        67429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       148192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         148192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       148192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        148192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    422049830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    422049830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1157510                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1157510                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    423207340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    423207340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    423207340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    423207340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        82061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        67443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       149504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       149504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 325153.952234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 325153.952234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 82679.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82679.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 322566.570122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 322566.570122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 322566.570122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 322566.570122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    115918374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115918374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    116110674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116110674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    116110674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116110674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 291985.828715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291985.828715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 290276.685000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290276.685000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 290276.685000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290276.685000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.732209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              747244219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1506540.764113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.732209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.022007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         116942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        116942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           23                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     22590800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22590800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     22590800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22590800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     22590800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22590800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       116965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       116965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 982208.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 982208.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 982208.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 982208.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 982208.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 982208.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17927689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17927689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17927689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17927689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17927689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17927689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1280549.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1280549.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1280549.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1280549.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1280549.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1280549.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  459                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              117744932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             164678.226573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   157.375197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    98.624803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.614747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.385253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        80537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        67366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         147903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        147903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    516040083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    516040083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    100797868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    100797868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    616837951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    616837951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    616837951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    616837951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        82127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        67466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       149593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       149593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.019360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 324553.511321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 324553.511321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1007978.680000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1007978.680000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 364992.870414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 364992.870414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 364992.870414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 364992.870414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2237938                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1118969                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    127544472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127544472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1101973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1101973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    128646445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128646445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    128646445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128646445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 277270.591304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 277270.591304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1101973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1101973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 279059.533623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279059.533623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 279059.533623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279059.533623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              501.419957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750383780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1494788.406375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.419957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.019904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        91330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        91330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total          91330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        91330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total         91330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13449770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13449770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13449770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13449770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13449770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13449770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        91346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        91346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total        91346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        91346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total        91346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 840610.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 840610.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 840610.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 840610.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 840610.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 840610.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12363207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12363207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12363207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12363207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12363207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12363207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 951015.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951015.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 951015.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951015.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 951015.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951015.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  783                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              125036202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             120342.831569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   174.283483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    81.716517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.680795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.319205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        69139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         69139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        55363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       124502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         124502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       124502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        124502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1194983027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1194983027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    308477328                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    308477328                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1503460355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1503460355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1503460355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1503460355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       126743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       126743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006603                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006603                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 638004.819541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 638004.819541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 838253.608696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 838253.608696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 670888.154842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 670888.154842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 670888.154842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 670888.154842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    458909305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    458909305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     35719149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35719149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    494628454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    494628454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    494628454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    494628454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000718                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000718                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 617643.748318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 617643.748318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 892978.725000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 892978.725000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 631709.392082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 631709.392082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 631709.392082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 631709.392082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              501.420139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750383386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1494787.621514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.420139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.019904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst        90936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst        90936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total          90936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst        90936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total         90936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14467745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14467745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14467745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14467745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14467745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14467745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst        90953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst        90953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total        90953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst        90953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total        90953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 851043.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851043.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 851043.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851043.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 851043.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851043.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11807919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11807919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11807919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11807919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11807919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11807919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 908301.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 908301.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 908301.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 908301.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 908301.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 908301.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  784                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              125035766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             120226.698077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   174.034830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    81.965170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.679824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.320176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        68845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        55222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       124067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         124067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       124067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        124067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1188447530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1188447530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    298565321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    298565321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1487012851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1487012851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1487012851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1487012851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        70700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        55558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       126258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       126258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.026238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.017353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.017353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 640672.522911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 640672.522911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 888587.264881                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 888587.264881                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 678691.397079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 678691.397079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 678691.397079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 678691.397079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    484399141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    484399141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34146453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34146453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    518545594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    518545594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    518545594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    518545594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 648459.358768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 648459.358768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 922877.108108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 922877.108108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 661410.196429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661410.196429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 661410.196429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661410.196429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              556.389325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              765681400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1374652.423698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.389325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.021457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       105383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        105383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       105383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         105383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       105383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        105383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     18754786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18754786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     18754786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18754786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     18754786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18754786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       105404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       105404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       105404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       105404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       105404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 893085.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893085.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 893085.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 893085.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 893085.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 893085.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12885372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12885372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12885372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12885372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12885372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12885372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 920383.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920383.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 920383.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920383.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 920383.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920383.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  703                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              287935156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             300245.209593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   101.514423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   154.485577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.396541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.603459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       268924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        268924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       146417                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       146417                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       415341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         415341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       415341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        415341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1386635200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1386635200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1386635200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1386635200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1386635200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1386635200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       271541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       271541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       146417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       146417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       417958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       417958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       417958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       417958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 529856.782575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 529856.782575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 529856.782575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 529856.782575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 529856.782575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 529856.782575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    362212580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    362212580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    362212580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    362212580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    362212580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    362212580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 514506.505682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514506.505682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 514506.505682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514506.505682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 514506.505682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514506.505682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              472.568442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750130556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1553065.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    17.568442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.028155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       122589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       122589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         122589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       122589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        122589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    154878968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154878968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    154878968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    154878968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    154878968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    154878968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       122628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       122628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       122628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       122628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       122628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3971255.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3971255.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3971255.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3971255.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3971255.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3971255.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3427437                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 856859.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96667051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96667051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96667051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96667051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96667051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96667051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3452394.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3452394.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3452394.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3452394.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3452394.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3452394.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  345                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              108894155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             181188.277870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   117.457949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   138.542051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.458820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.541180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        96812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        70860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       167672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         167672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       167672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        167672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    182993343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    182993343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       993575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    183986918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    183986918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    183986918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    183986918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        97661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        70872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       168533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       168533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 215539.862191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215539.862191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 82797.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82797.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 213689.800232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 213689.800232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 213689.800232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 213689.800232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     84386253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84386253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       208457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     84594710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84594710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     84594710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84594710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 246743.429825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246743.429825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 69485.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69485.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245202.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245202.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245202.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245202.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              502.259689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              746680809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1484454.888668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    27.259689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.043685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       119271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       119271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         119271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       119271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        119271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84689747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84689747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84689747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84689747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84689747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84689747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       119307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       119307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       119307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       119307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       119307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2352492.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2352492.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2352492.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2352492.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2352492.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2352492.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72726922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72726922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72726922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72726922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72726922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72726922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2597390.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2597390.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2597390.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2597390.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2597390.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2597390.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              112792035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             171939.077744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   157.466225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    98.533775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.615102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.384898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        80466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        67142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       147608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         147608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       147608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        147608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    428487618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    428487618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1155966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1155966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    429643584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    429643584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    429643584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    429643584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        81766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        67156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       148922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       148922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 329605.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 329605.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        82569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 326973.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 326973.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 326973.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 326973.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    117918524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117918524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    118110824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118110824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    118110824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118110824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 297023.989924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297023.989924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 295277.060000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295277.060000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 295277.060000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295277.060000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              495.732056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              747243972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1506540.266129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.732056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.022007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       116695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       116695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         116695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       116695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        116695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     22396240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22396240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     22396240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22396240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     22396240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22396240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       116720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       116720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       116720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       116720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       116720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 895849.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895849.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 895849.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895849.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 895849.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895849.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15831549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15831549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15831549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15831549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15831549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15831549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1130824.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1130824.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1130824.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1130824.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1130824.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1130824.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              117744754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             164908.619048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   157.058882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    98.941118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.613511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.386489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        80413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        67311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       147724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         147724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       147724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        147724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    544567015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    544567015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     90800061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     90800061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    635367076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    635367076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    635367076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    635367076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        67395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       149392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       149392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.019318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 343792.307449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 343792.307449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1080953.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1080953.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 380915.513189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 380915.513189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 380915.513189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 380915.513189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1651041                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1651041                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    129790655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129790655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1102097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1102097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    130892752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130892752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    130892752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130892752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 284005.809628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284005.809628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1102097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1102097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 285792.034934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285792.034934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 285792.034934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285792.034934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              501.424582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750383650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1494788.147410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.424582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.019911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        91200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        91200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total          91200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        91200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total         91200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10879012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10879012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10879012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10879012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10879012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10879012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        91218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        91218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total        91218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        91218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total        91218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 604389.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 604389.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 604389.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 604389.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 604389.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 604389.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9153900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9153900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9153900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9153900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9153900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9153900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 704146.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704146.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 704146.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704146.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 704146.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704146.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  797                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              125035815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1053                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             118742.464387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   174.056971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    81.943029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.679910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.320090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        68847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        55268                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55268                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       124115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         124115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       124115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        124115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1242455843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1242455843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    323123143                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    323123143                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1565578986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1565578986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1565578986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1565578986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        70766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        55613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       126379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       126379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.027118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006204                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006204                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 647449.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 647449.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 936588.820290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936588.820290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 691510.152827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 691510.152827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 691510.152827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 691510.152827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1466                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1466                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    480937740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    480937740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     37610242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37610242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    518547982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    518547982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    518547982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    518547982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000701                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000701                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 633646.561265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 633646.561265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 964365.179487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 964365.179487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 649809.501253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 649809.501253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 649809.501253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 649809.501253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              472.552423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              750130239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1553064.677019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    17.552423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.028129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         122272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        122272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    137668938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    137668938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    137668938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    137668938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    137668938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    137668938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       122313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       122313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3357778.975610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3357778.975610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3357778.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3357778.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3357778.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3357778.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1481516                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       740758                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     83589565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83589565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     83589565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83589565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     83589565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83589565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2985341.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2985341.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2985341.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2985341.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2985341.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2985341.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              108893720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             181792.520868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   117.338359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   138.661641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.458353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.541647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        96553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        70688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       167241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         167241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       167241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        167241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    188410497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    188410497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       993575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    189404072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    189404072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    189404072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    189404072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        97399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        70700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       168099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       168099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 222707.443262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222707.443262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82797.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82797.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 220750.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220750.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 220750.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220750.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     87839047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87839047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       208457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     88047504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88047504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     88047504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88047504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 258350.138235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 258350.138235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69485.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69485.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 256698.262391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 256698.262391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 256698.262391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 256698.262391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              496.593443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              747244270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1503509.597586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.593443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.023387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       116993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       116993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         116993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       116993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        116993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     21128372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21128372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     21128372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21128372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     21128372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21128372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       117021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       117021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       117021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       117021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       117021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 754584.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 754584.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 754584.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 754584.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 754584.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 754584.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12819036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12819036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12819036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12819036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12819036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12819036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 854602.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854602.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 854602.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854602.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 854602.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854602.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  461                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              117744871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             164218.788006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   157.595017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    98.404983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.615606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.384394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        80425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        67412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       147837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         147837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       147837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        147837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    554866310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    554866310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     76139327                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76139327                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    631005637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    631005637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    631005637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    631005637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        82032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        67511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       149543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       149543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.019590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 345280.840075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 345280.840075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 769084.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 769084.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 369874.347597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 369874.347597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 369874.347597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 369874.347597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1927567                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 642522.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    127474166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127474166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    127474166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127474166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    127474166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127474166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 275918.108225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275918.108225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 275918.108225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275918.108225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 275918.108225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275918.108225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              472.566365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              750130526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1553065.271222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.566365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.028151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         122559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        122559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    153873697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153873697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    153873697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    153873697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    153873697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    153873697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       122599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       122599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3846842.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3846842.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3846842.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3846842.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3846842.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3846842.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3444414                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 861103.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95476170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95476170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95476170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95476170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95476170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95476170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3409863.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3409863.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3409863.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3409863.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3409863.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3409863.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  345                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              108894127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             181188.231281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   117.424539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   138.575461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.458690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.541310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        96797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        70849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       167646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         167646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       167646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        167646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total          861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    182414220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    182414220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       993215                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993215                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    183407435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    183407435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    183407435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    183407435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        97646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        70861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       168507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       168507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 214857.738516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 214857.738516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 82767.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82767.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 213016.765389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 213016.765389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 213016.765389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 213016.765389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83655278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83655278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       208427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83863705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83863705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83863705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83863705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 244606.076023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244606.076023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69475.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69475.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 243083.202899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243083.202899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 243083.202899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243083.202899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
