
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.108707                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                108706659144                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               621315862032                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 302918                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   382838                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1934564                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67747576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56191.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17021536549                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21512349358                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4294144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1478912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2275328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1479680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1077376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1078144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3658496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1481984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1480192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2258176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2281728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      3670784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      3665152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1077760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2275328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3680768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             37294848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           80896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11213312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11213312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        33548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        11554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        17776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        11560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         8417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         8423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        28582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        11578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        11564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        17642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        17826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        28678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        28634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         8420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        17776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        28756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                291366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           87604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                87604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     39502125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        49454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13604613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        42389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20930898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13611678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9910856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      9917920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33654755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13632872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        48277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13616388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        42389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     20773116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20989772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        45922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     33767793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33715984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      9914388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        42389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20930898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33859637                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               343077860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52987                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        49454                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        42389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49454                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45922                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        48277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        42389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        45922                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        42389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45922                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             744168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         103152025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              103152025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         103152025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        52987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     39502125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        49454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13604613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        42389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20930898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        49454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13611678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        45922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9910856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        47099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      9917920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33654755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        48277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13632872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        48277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13616388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        42389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     20773116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        42389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20989772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        45922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     33767793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        47099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33715984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        47099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      9914388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        42389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20930898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        45922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33859637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              446229885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              260687433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17571878                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15855863                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       925458                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6625170                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6301489                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         970337                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41085                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186579867                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110395522                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17571878                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7271826                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21850365                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2905305                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     26003964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10706597                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       928901                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    236390831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214540466     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         781224      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1599648      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         682035      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3631282      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3237797      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         631922      0.27%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1303573      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9982884      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    236390831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.067406                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.423478                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184656798                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     27938744                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21769293                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        69851                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1956139                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1541707                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129458042                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2711                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1956139                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      184902495                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles      25952917                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1135423                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21621807                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       822044                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129383960                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         4180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       416152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       266964                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        18901                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151884905                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    609333698                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    609333698                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17162045                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        15431                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7997                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1881617                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30543744                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15448309                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140374                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       744845                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129137872                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15474                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124171809                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        75604                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9958859                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23781991                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          494                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236390831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191771582     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13646261      5.77%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11026157      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4753713      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5942651      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5633806      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3202348      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256131      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158182      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236390831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        312602     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2385256     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69771      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77894214     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1082089      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29783048     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15405026     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124171809                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.476324                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2767629                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022289                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    487577682                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139115427                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123107693                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126939438                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224530                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1195707                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          480                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3227                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102972                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10951                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1956139                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles      25319617                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       242049                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129153430                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30543744                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15448309                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7995                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       149895                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          131                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3227                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       543135                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       541520                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1084655                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123307470                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29682992                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       864339                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45086208                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16156185                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15403216                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.473009                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123110935                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123107693                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66502766                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       131259296                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.472243                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506652                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11651466                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14980                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       945863                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234434692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191649969     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15746077      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7337481      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7211437      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1995623      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8253723      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627225      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       458694      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1154463      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234434692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518719                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1154463                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          362447765                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260292012                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4009485                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              24296602                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.606874                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.606874                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.383601                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.383601                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609602736                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142960533                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154149739                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              260687433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20174331                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16505611                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1966861                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8299491                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7937801                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2084554                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89669                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194223603                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            112851154                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20174331                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10022355                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23547004                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5368654                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     10514305                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11880366                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1968661                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    231661066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      208114062     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1092711      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1738264      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2362543      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2427841      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        2056377      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1157470      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1713774      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10998024      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    231661066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077389                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.432898                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      192229846                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     12525081                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23503488                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        26864                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3375784                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3322290                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    138469134                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1948                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3375784                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      192753810                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1747579                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      9555406                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23012401                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1216083                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    138421755                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       179354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       522382                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    193139394                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    643971768                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    643971768                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    167504452                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       25634941                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        34355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17887                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         3591835                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     12948008                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7024017                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82563                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1722166                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        138265748                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34478                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       131313574                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15266313                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36561328                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1268                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231661066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176063311     76.00%     76.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22892142      9.88%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11574364      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8721584      3.76%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6860078      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2782263      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1736214      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       909839      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121271      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231661066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25467     11.70%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80213     36.85%     48.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111972     51.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110437860     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1963223      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16464      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11893926      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7002101      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    131313574                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.503720                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217652                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    494523866                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153567072                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129360129                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    131531226                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       269158                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2066512                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           97                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          535                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3375784                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1454160                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118715                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138300365                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7947                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12948008                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7024017                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17891                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100107                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          535                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1143111                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1106565                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2249676                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129516702                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11193533                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1796872                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18195371                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18402302                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7001838                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.496828                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            129360338                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           129360129                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        74253280                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       200081254                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.496227                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371116                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97644185                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    120149565                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18150814                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33210                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1991770                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228285282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178959935     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24464935     10.72%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9225206      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4403715      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3728218      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2127814      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1845701      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       841139      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2688619      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228285282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     97644185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    120149565                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             17803875                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10881496                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16568                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17325616                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       108253374                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2474095                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2688619                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          363896366                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         279976597                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2940213                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              29026367                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          97644185                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           120149565                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     97644185                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.669769                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.669769                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.374564                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.374564                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      582921611                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     180189195                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     128375179                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        33180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              260687433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19178247                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15726058                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1878554                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8086548                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7503987                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1968183                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84362                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183162634                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            108955948                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19178247                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9472170                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23977024                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5320930                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     17289724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11283536                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1867372                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    227839139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      203862115     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2594471      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3000115      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1655569      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1922183      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1052279      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         711044      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1857038      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11184325      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    227839139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073568                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.417956                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      181690370                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     18790728                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23788958                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       176955                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3392125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3113646                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        17634                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    133033631                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        87413                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3392125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      181967445                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       6130288                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     11871196                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23697160                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       780922                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    132952741                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       206631                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       359589                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           65                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    184731606                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    619009310                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    619009310                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    157897068                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       26834538                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        35159                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2097627                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12713445                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6915265                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       180544                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1534249                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        132742368                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35251                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       125506623                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       177850                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16500088                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38056856                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4240                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227839139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174947024     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21278401      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11432192      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7907043      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6914675      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3549114      1.56%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       846714      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       553653      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       410323      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227839139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32928     12.07%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117979     43.25%     55.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121882     44.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105056240     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1960535      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15376      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11608177      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6866295      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    125506623                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.481445                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            272789                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002174                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479303024                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149278908                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123429398                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    125779412                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       317770                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2251027                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          718                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1204                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       145736                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7691                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3432                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3392125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       5690436                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137527                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132777739                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53871                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12713445                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6915265                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19761                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95699                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1204                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1089888                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1054048                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2143936                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123664098                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10903433                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1842525                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           17768214                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17307627                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6864781                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.474377                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            123431318                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           123429398                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        73363873                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       192161807                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.473477                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381782                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92722431                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    113758189                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19020740                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31011                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1889356                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224447014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177974592     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21551435      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9032246      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5423465      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3761169      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2424657      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1259127      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1013440      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2006883      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224447014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     92722431                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    113758189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             17231947                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10462418                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             15472                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16280397                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       102557823                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2314363                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2006883                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          355218436                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         268950048                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2807368                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              32848294                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          92722431                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           113758189                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     92722431                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.811482                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.811482                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.355684                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.355684                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      557825730                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     171297469                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     124142379                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        30982                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              260687433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20184779                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16513409                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1966708                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8305230                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7942970                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2084992                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89690                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194307582                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            112904791                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20184779                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10027962                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            23557778                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5367901                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     10528738                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11884584                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1968539                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    231770364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598172                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      208212586     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1092384      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1738844      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2363926      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2428939      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2059305      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1157877      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1714834      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11001669      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    231770364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077429                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.433104                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      192310001                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     12544117                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        23514089                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        26981                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3375173                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3324779                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    138531342                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1957                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3375173                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      192834337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1748604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      9572437                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23022768                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1217042                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    138484820                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       179441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       522901                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    193227327                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    644259537                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    644259537                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    167582789                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       25644511                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        34255                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17780                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3595799                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     12952285                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7027167                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82840                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1676124                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        138328147                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       131373008                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18006                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15270591                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36569499                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1156                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231770364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176182551     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22858148      9.86%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11569835      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8738505      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6868616      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2784256      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1736666      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       910361      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121426      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231770364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25260     11.61%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80282     36.90%     48.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112032     51.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110488388     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1963972      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16471      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11898541      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7005636      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    131373008                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503948                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    494751956                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153633652                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129420253                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    131590582                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268849                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2065704                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          122                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          533                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101570                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3375173                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1454418                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118613                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138362669                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7997                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12952285                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7027167                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17784                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100071                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          533                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1142352                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1107180                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2249532                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129576681                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11198488                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1796323                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18203850                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18411592                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7005362                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.497058                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            129420476                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           129420253                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        74286104                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       200169863                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.496458                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371115                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97689791                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    120205709                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18156971                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33227                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1991625                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228395191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179076198     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24448579     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9230154      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4406804      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3712105      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2128416      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1857828      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       841914      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2693193      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228395191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     97689791                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    120205709                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             17812178                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10886581                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17333712                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       108303978                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2475261                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2693193                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          364064002                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         280100598                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2940515                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              28917069                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          97689791                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           120205709                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     97689791                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.668523                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.668523                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374739                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374739                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      583191568                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     180272355                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     128436283                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        33198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              260687433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       22604395                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18824747                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2056713                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8795062                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8279478                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2434626                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95667                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196847763                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            124039173                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          22604395                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10714104                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25859841                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5711675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     17793373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12221897                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1965827                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    244139120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      218279279     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1584680      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2005507      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3189807      1.31%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1334705      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1714596      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        2003143      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         911503      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       13115900      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    244139120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086711                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.475816                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      195694967                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     19059091                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25737272                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        11870                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3635912                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3435832                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          486                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    151584329                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2484                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3635912                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      195892556                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        628293                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     17880049                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        25551693                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       550610                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    150648501                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        79372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       384819                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    210461880                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    700608129                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    700608129                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    176243002                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       34218878                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        36961                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19482                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1935606                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14082135                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7372297                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82240                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1659617                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        147093036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37087                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       141185274                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       137755                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17751622                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35988657                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1831                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244139120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184314164     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27292188     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11154147      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6244494      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8472808      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2603983      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2569224      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1380077      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108035      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244139120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        973869     79.22%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129598     10.54%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125908     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118950185     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1930981      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17478      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12937211      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7349419      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    141185274                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.541588                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1229375                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008708                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527876798                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    164882433                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137514089                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    142414649                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104086                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2627576                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          691                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93413                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3635912                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        478118                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60817                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147130128                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115468                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14082135                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7372297                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19483                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53186                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          691                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1223386                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1148218                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2371604                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138725276                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12726226                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2459998                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           20075127                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19618115                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7348901                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.532152                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            137514438                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           137514089                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        82403112                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       221341632                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.527506                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372289                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102534294                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    126345531                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20785240                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35256                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2074305                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240503208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187027375     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27098685     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9839173      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4906076      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4483381      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1887394      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1861150      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       886914      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2513060      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240503208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    102534294                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    126345531                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18733443                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11454559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18313151                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       113752377                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2609013                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2513060                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          385120204                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         297897469                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2984168                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              16548313                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         102534294                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           126345531                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    102534294                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.542441                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.542441                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393323                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393323                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      624243282                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     192177245                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     140225502                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        35226                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              260687433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       22640444                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18846513                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2053741                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8627226                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8276539                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2435901                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95424                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196982577                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            124222170                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          22640444                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10712440                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            25885590                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5713409                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     17641662                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1631                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           93                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12228485                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1963003                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    244152559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988299                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      218266969     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1587876      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1991215      0.82%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3187227      1.31%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1339479      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1717611      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2005187      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         919561      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       13137434      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    244152559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086849                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.476518                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      195824634                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     18912858                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25762465                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        12139                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3640455                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3450024                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          551                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    151824133                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2628                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3640455                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      196022563                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        631491                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     17728159                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        25576753                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       553131                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    150890377                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        80052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       385754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    210742004                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    701672000                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    701672000                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    176446743                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       34295222                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        36636                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19137                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1939374                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     14109381                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7394281                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83361                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1676038                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        147319600                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36765                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       141386361                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142361                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17779497                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36124981                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1469                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244152559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184244732     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27322958     11.19%     86.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11175080      4.58%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6256700      2.56%     93.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8480574      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2613652      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2568352      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1381613      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108898      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244152559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        974421     79.10%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       131400     10.67%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126061     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119106430     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1933088      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17498      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12957538      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7371807      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    141386361                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.542360                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1231882                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528299520                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165136549                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137710353                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    142618243                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       105232                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2641619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          690                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       107038                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3640455                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        480119                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60634                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147356371                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116336                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14109381                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7394281                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19138                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52967                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          690                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1215773                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1154853                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2370626                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138928039                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12746515                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2458318                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           20117682                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19648554                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7371167                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.532930                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            137710783                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           137710353                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        82495215                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       221587345                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.528259                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372292                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102652787                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    126491490                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20865504                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35296                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2071360                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240512104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186977000     77.74%     77.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27129194     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9849600      4.10%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4910919      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4489291      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1886838      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1863444      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       888223      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2517595      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240512104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    102652787                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    126491490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18755005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11467762                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             17608                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         18334312                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       113883769                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2612018                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2517595                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          385350788                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         298354487                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2980672                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              16534874                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         102652787                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           126491490                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    102652787                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.539507                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.539507                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393777                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393777                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      625122095                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     192414828                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     140441563                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        35266                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              260687433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18317049                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14981277                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1789553                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7544967                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7219408                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1882748                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79246                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177738776                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            103971602                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18317049                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9102156                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21782070                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5216819                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      8102285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10931811                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1801136                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    211010842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      189228772     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1183515      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1863162      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2968826      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1229579      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1370574      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1469079      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         956422      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10740913      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    211010842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070264                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398836                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      176039142                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      9815284                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21713971                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        55173                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3387269                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3001812                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          445                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    126944493                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2851                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3387269                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      176312685                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1972152                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      7030229                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        21500169                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       808335                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    126861143                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        33053                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       218048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       296424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        63762                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    176117774                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    590157203                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    590157203                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    150206241                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       25911533                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        32715                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2364143                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12084968                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6497536                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196624                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1479743                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        126680445                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32812                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       119868080                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151600                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16084548                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35925130                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3520                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211010842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160445991     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20315028      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11089856      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7562717      3.58%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7072675      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2029812      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1586889      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       538897      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       368977      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211010842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27802     12.57%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        85119     38.50%     51.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108176     48.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100413940     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1897560      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14522      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11078309      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6463749      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    119868080                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.459815                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            221097                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    451119699                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142799108                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117943392                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    120089177                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       362293                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2171361                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          346                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1335                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       195546                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7461                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3387269                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1236180                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       108636                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126713383                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50882                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12084968                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6497536                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80086                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1335                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044528                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023222                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2067750                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118163055                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10418623                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1705025                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 126                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           16880766                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16628973                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6462143                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.453275                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            117944214                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           117943392                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        68960441                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       180163401                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.452432                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382766                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88231935                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    108148938                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18564953                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29292                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1827760                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207623573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    163724129     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21261055     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8273857      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4460649      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3336687      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1864572      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1151637      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1029104      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2521883      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207623573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     88231935                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    108148938                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             16215597                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             9913607                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             14614                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15524473                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        97449969                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2196928                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2521883                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          331814996                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         256815242                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2882263                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              49676591                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          88231935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           108148938                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     88231935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.954570                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.954570                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.338459                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.338459                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      532847907                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     163479860                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     118415286                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        29266                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              260687433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20208417                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16533220                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1969573                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8320426                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7952984                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2088830                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89864                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194545055                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            113036626                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20208417                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10041814                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23586259                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5375988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     10463564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11899909                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1971291                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    231976292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      208390033     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1094066      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1741402      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2366940      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2431093      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2060549      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1160259      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1716814      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11015136      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    231976292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077520                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.433610                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      192543691                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     12482698                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23542922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        26619                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3380359                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3328236                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    138697627                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1948                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3380359                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      193068434                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1751463                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      9506754                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23050993                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1218286                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    138651720                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       179621                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       523534                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    193457311                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    645043969                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    645043969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    167780765                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       25676502                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        34353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17860                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         3596184                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     12969590                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7035886                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82959                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673059                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        138495309                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34476                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       131535259                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18045                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15291573                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36609521                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1214                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231976292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176322425     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22888618      9.87%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11578792      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8746689      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6878083      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2789504      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1738515      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       911280      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       122386      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231976292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25425     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80369     36.83%     48.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112408     51.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110625502     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1965809      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16491      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11913436      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7014021      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    131535259                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.504571                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            218202                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495283056                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153821900                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129577412                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    131753461                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       267921                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2070143                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          545                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102087                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3380359                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1456527                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119006                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138529923                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7689                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12969590                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7035886                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100349                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          545                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1145041                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1107794                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2252835                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129733912                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11211304                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1801346                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18225058                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18433542                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7013754                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.497661                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            129577631                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           129577412                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        74378140                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       200420977                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.497060                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97805230                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    120347813                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18182092                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1994520                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228595933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179218321     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24476322     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9242094      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4413190      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3716481      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2130784      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1859846      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       842347      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2696548      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228595933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     97805230                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    120347813                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             17833238                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10899443                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             16594                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17354237                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       108431971                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2478183                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2696548                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          364428614                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         280440254                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2945270                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              28711141                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          97805230                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           120347813                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     97805230                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.665373                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.665373                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.375182                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.375182                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      583897396                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     180490355                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     128586239                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        33232                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              260687433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20197417                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16525473                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1968443                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8310488                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7945140                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2086714                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89799                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194401306                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            112969828                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20197417                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10031854                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23569277                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5375067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     10459225                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11891063                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1970276                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    231811458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      208242181     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1093097      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1738785      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2362317      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2430029      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2060231      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1160561      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1715219      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11009038      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    231811458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077478                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.433354                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      192403578                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     12474576                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23525951                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        26752                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3380598                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3325257                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    138615242                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1932                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3380598                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      192929026                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1751231                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      9497478                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23033287                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1219835                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    138568764                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       179817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       524024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    193342142                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    644652392                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    644652392                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    167663388                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       25678730                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        34363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17882                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         3600662                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12962001                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7030463                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82718                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673471                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        138414186                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34486                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       131451162                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17966                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15296849                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36612775                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1247                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231811458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176195254     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22873555      9.87%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11569802      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8737695      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6875927      2.97%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2788785      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1737404      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       911427      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121609      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231811458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25384     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80316     36.85%     48.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112247     51.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110555744     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1964970      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16479      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11904951      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7009018      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    131451162                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.504248                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217947                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    494949695                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153746051                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129495367                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    131669109                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       270124                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2070161                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          533                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101523                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3380598                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1457156                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118527                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138448809                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7571                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12962001                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7030463                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17884                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99954                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          533                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1144231                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1108896                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2253127                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129651324                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11203483                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1799838                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18212221                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18420504                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7008738                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.497344                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            129495593                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           129495367                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        74331539                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       200304473                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.496746                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371093                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97736771                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    120263587                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18185210                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33238                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1993373                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228430860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179088915     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24459378     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9235714      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4409441      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3712425      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2128561      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1859542      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       840371      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2696513      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228430860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     97736771                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    120263587                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             17820767                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10891835                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16582                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17342078                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       108356120                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2476458                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2696513                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          364182468                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         280278278                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2942878                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              28875975                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          97736771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           120263587                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     97736771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.667240                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.667240                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.374919                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.374919                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      583529711                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     180377282                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     128508917                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        33208                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              260687433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19139073                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15695322                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1874393                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7893344                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7475352                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1964845                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84194                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182860836                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            108836886                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19139073                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9440197                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            23937853                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5325372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     17522536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11265461                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1864229                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    227739177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      203801324     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        2595126      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        3007001      1.32%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        1651341      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1891227      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1045113      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         716545      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1850246      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11181254      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    227739177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.073418                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.417500                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      181362255                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     19048900                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        23739009                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       188625                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3400385                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3105957                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        17568                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    132840804                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        87792                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3400385                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      181652286                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       5747909                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     12490776                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23645513                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       802305                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    132761675                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       201185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       373380                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           34                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    184515598                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    618142202                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    618142202                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    157621471                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       26894113                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        35001                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19626                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2158407                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     12667728                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6905669                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       180759                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1533746                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        132548202                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35085                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       125294811                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       173588                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16504207                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38143602                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227739177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174944735     76.82%     76.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21236050      9.32%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11405053      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7905318      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6901823      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3525959      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       857792      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       550714      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411733      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227739177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32391     12.04%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       114712     42.65%     54.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121837     45.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    104875144     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1960567      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15349      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11587050      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6856701      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    125294811                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.480632                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            268940                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002146                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    478771325                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149088683                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123216448                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    125563751                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       315409                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2223505                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          798                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1192                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       147844                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7678                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3722                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3400385                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       5309835                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       133743                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132583403                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        65564                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12667728                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6905669                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19620                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        94298                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1192                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1087934                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1050816                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2138750                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123449160                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10882376                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1845649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           17737435                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17272169                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6855059                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.473552                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            123218223                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           123216448                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        73234541                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       191782047                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.472660                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381863                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92560772                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    113559758                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19024745                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30959                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1885382                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224338792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177944780     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21514384      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9015128      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5421104      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3748832      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2426119      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1254994      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1011689      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2001762      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224338792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     92560772                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    113559758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             17202048                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10444223                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             15446                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         16251910                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       102379001                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2310322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2001762                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          354920909                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         268569468                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2800067                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              32948256                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          92560772                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           113559758                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     92560772                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.816392                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.816392                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.355064                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.355064                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      556880252                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     171012814                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     123998515                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        30930                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              260687433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19183409                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15731372                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1877719                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7903622                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7493118                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1968715                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84506                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183187746                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            109085960                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19183409                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9461833                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            23989999                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5337156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     17250366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11285487                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1866836                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    227854947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      203864948     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        2601720      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        3008609      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        1653283      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1900061      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1046106      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         716890      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1856843      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11206487      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    227854947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.073588                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.418455                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      181690650                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     18775326                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        23790992                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles       188699                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3409277                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3113699                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        17559                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    133146459                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        87679                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3409277                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      181980542                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       5933018                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     12030438                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23698115                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       803554                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    133066412                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       205020                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       371945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    184922034                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    619560331                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    619560331                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    157926936                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       26995092                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        35017                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19603                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2157251                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     12697024                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6920845                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       182006                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1537419                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        132855303                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35096                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       125559825                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       175157                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16586516                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38346928                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4077                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227854947                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174949503     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21279781      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11431347      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7916234      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6918964      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3537219      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       858122      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       552251      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411526      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227854947                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32523     12.09%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       114605     42.61%     54.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121821     45.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105100210     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1964641      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15379      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11608008      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6871587      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    125559825                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.481649                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            268949                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479418703                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149478115                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123478076                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    125828774                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       315697                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2232613                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          725                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1202                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       149996                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7694                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3293                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3409277                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       5489413                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136407                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132890518                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63545                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12697024                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6920845                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19601                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95939                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1202                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1090539                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1053081                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2143620                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123711679                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10903068                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1848146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           17773197                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17308210                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6870129                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.474559                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            123479912                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           123478076                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        73387863                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       192206847                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.473663                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381817                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92740102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    113779770                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19111968                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31019                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1888714                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224445670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177961555     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21554762      9.60%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9034869      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5432714      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3754916      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2429913      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1257556      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1012517      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2006868      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224445670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     92740102                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    113779770                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             17235256                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            10464407                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             15476                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         16283435                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       102577320                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2314799                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2006868                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          355329916                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         269192829                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2805013                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              32832486                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          92740102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           113779770                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     92740102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.810946                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.810946                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.355752                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.355752                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      558053511                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     171370813                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     124278007                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        30990                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              260687433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18325130                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14987430                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1791166                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7552452                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7225598                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1884244                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79466                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177864125                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            104025106                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18325130                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9109842                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            21793156                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5221228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      8179096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10939125                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1802485                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    211226742                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      189433586     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1183433      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1864396      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2971980      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1228172      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1371206      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1471160      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         957021      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10745788      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    211226742                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.070295                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.399042                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      176161470                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      9895000                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        21725568                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        54780                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3389921                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3003536                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    127010293                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2852                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3389921                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      176435139                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1999643                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      7080148                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        21511477                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       810411                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    126927729                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents        31898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       218755                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       296565                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        65068                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    176209460                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    590474697                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    590474697                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    150281320                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       25928090                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        32772                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18240                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2363541                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12088766                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6501301                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196612                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1480858                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        126746870                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32867                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       119928729                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151410                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16101782                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35957316                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3564                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211226742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160632965     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20328815      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11095702      5.25%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7567645      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7075306      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2030658      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1587404      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       539339      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       368908      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211226742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27894     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        84871     38.40%     51.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108277     48.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100466194     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1898128      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14530      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11082789      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6467088      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    119928729                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.460048                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            221042                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    451456651                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142882833                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118002388                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    120149771                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       360474                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2170238                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          374                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1342                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       196175                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7462                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          198                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3389921                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1231960                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       109049                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126779873                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50907                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12088766                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6501301                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18232                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80549                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1342                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1046646                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1022715                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2069361                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118221854                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10422146                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1706874                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           16887636                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16636388                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6465490                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.453500                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            118003152                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           118002388                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        68991804                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       180249964                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.452659                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382756                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88275977                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    108202945                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18577353                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29303                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1829420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207836821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    163916383     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21269146     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8278926      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4462468      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3339336      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1867005      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1151105      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1030072      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2522380      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207836821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     88275977                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    108202945                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             16223651                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             9918525                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             14620                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15532239                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        97498612                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2198021                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2522380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          332094154                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         256950763                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2884362                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              49460691                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          88275977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           108202945                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     88275977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.953096                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.953096                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.338628                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.338628                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      533114702                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     163560816                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     118474650                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        29276                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              260687426                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       18305258                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14970745                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1787597                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7537548                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7213746                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1882165                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79357                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177635542                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            103905095                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          18305258                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9095911                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            21765304                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5211643                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      8085996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        10924119                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1798930                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    210871346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      189106042     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1181272      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1860406      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2967554      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1229400      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1368232      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1466751      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         957080      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10734609      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    210871346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070219                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.398581                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      175939494                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      9795327                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        21697713                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        54754                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3384055                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3000671                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          452                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    126861325                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2868                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3384055                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      176212238                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1938674                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      7036361                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        21484685                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       815330                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    126778876                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        33602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       217101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       296135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        71754                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    176005836                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    589772892                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    589772892                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    150126526                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       25879310                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        32667                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18150                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2359403                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12074421                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6495216                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196171                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1480145                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        126601104                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32768                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       119800652                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151129                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16066676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35859165                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3491                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210871346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160334194     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20301412      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11086318      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7561850      3.59%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7067215      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2026536      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1586502      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       538050      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369269      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210871346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27811     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        84243     38.26%     50.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108157     49.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100357521     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1896329      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14515      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11071596      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6460691      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    119800652                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.459557                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            220211                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450843990                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142701843                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117877155                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    120020863                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       360635                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2166106                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          312                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1328                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       196564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7453                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3384055                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1198312                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       108002                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126634004                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        45404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12074421                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6495216                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18143                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1328                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1043984                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1021987                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2065971                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118095546                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10412690                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1705106                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           16871755                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       16620139                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6459065                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.453016                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            117877951                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           117877155                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        68919124                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       180040471                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.452178                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382798                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88185093                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    108091468                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18543035                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29277                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1825787                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207487291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    163610282     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21248604     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8270977      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4458792      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3335389      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1864633      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1149750      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1029599      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2519265      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207487291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     88185093                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    108091468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             16206967                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             9908315                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             14606                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15516199                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        97398188                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2195751                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2519265                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          331601944                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         256653286                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2880047                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              49816080                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          88185093                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           108091468                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     88185093                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.956139                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.956139                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.338279                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.338279                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      532548980                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     163389151                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     118342187                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        29252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              260687433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       22624653                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18834407                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2055995                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8678484                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8274190                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2435462                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95500                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196924364                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            124140658                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          22624653                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10709652                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            25872342                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5717123                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     17708081                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12226828                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1965418                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    244150570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      218278228     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1587255      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1992388      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3187830      1.31%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1338015      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1716791      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        2003349      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         918343      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       13128371      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    244150570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086788                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.476205                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      195769502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     18977461                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        25749660                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        11954                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3641985                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3446453                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          519                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    151728016                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2556                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3641985                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      195967497                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        630162                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     17795788                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        25563916                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       551215                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    150793681                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        79595                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       384681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    210613669                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    701231226                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    701231226                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    176317209                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       34296456                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        36755                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19269                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1934512                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     14104688                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7386296                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82696                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1670859                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        147230930                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36890                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       141293137                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142962                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17792449                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36159923                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1618                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244150570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184282623     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27306718     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11165225      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6251735      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8473323      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2614754      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2567842      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1380150      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108200      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244150570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        973864     79.09%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       131460     10.68%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125964     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119029559     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1931442      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17485      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12951071      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7363580      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    141293137                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.542002                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1231288                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008714                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528111094                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165060957                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137617001                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    142524425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104318                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2645335                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          691                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104381                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3641985                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        479703                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60685                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147267826                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116232                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14104688                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7386296                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19270                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52913                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          691                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1219345                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153346                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2372691                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138835015                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12738599                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2458122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           20101546                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19635462                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7362947                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.532573                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            137617417                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           137617001                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        82436961                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       221440163                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.527900                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372276                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102577457                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    126398645                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20869771                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35272                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2073609                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240508585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187011542     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27110432     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9843249      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4906058      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4486350      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1885911      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1861893      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       887972      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2515178      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240508585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    102577457                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    126398645                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18741265                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11459350                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             17596                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18320821                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       113800203                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2610100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2515178                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          385261108                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         298178839                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2983067                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              16536863                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         102577457                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           126398645                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    102577457                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.541372                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.541372                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393488                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393488                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      624700585                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     192291908                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     140345550                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        35242                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              260687433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       17882234                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15969114                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1424709                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11980208                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11684302                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1073910                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43135                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189033001                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            101562554                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          17882234                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     12758212                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            22651537                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       4671284                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      7549468                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11437296                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1398307                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    222472588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      199821051     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3454383      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1743067      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3420964      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1094937      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3167230      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         498990      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         803312      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        8468654      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    222472588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068596                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.389595                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      187184436                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      9441405                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        22606727                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        18162                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3221854                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1686112                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        16729                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    113605447                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        31707                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3221854                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      187394119                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6162105                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2617151                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        22400765                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       676590                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    113437911                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        88631                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       520726                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    148664412                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    514112835                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    514112835                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    120613768                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       28050624                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        15238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7715                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1547272                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     20476252                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3322052                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21173                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       752355                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        112856508                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15291                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       105703252                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67460                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20325311                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41609940                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222472588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176119495     79.16%     79.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14585860      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15547565      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8977921      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4641445      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1164304      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1377335      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32115      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26548      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222472588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176326     57.05%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        72932     23.60%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59822     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     82879167     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       828504      0.78%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7522      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18694666     17.69%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3293393      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    105703252                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.405479                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            309080                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    434255630                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133197383                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    103023859                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    106012332                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        83598                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4173678                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          278                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76963                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3221854                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       5375177                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        82059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    112871871                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14878                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20476252                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3322052                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7714                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38320                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2194                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          278                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       963438                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       546087                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1509525                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104367256                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18426028                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1335994                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  72                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           21719255                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       15867131                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3293227                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.400354                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            103048103                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           103023859                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        62345076                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       135757436                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.395201                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.459239                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82077850                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     92403626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20472830                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1415763                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219250734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    184848986     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13515273      6.16%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8681693      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2736425      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4534382      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       886496      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       560708      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       512732      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2974039      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219250734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     82077850                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     92403626                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             19547658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            16302569                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              7568                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         14177366                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        80752898                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1155343                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2974039                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          329152852                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         228977320                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4222803                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              38214845                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          82077850                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            92403626                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     82077850                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.176100                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.176100                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.314852                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.314852                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      485144863                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     134233255                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     120673643                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        15154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              260687433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18355881                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15012751                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1791402                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7562377                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7237346                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1886623                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79465                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178098229                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            104186300                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18355881                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9123969                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            21828301                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5222449                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      8015721                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        10952167                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1802945                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    211333603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      189505302     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1185801      0.56%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1868323      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2976172      1.41%     92.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1233433      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1373917      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1469018      0.70%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         956793      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10764844      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    211333603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070413                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399660                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      176392904                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      9734260                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        21760428                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        55100                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3390908                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3008463                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    127205371                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2856                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3390908                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      176666774                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1952213                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      6966044                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        21546684                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       810977                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    127122238                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        40037                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       218418                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       296395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        66248                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    176475865                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    591372330                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    591372330                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    150537963                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       25937902                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        32732                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18175                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2364079                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12109544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6511871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196655                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1479740                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        126942770                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32829                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       120117299                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151694                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16108513                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35989280                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3472                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211333603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160662707     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20356228      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11116563      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7576702      3.59%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7087569      3.35%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2034252      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1590364      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       539625      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369593      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211333603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27917     12.59%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        85376     38.50%     51.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108482     48.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100622252     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1901244      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14554      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11101404      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6477845      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    120117299                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.460771                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            221775                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001846                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    451941670                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143085455                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118192461                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    120339074                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       364311                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2173870                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          326                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1373                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       195860                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7461                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           27                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3390908                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1215430                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       109068                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126975729                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        51625                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12109544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6511871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80549                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1373                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1046778                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1024187                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2070965                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118411882                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10441100                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1705417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           16917354                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       16665445                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6476254                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.454229                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            118193224                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           118192461                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        69102709                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       180527663                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.453388                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382782                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88427001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    108388124                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18588058                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29357                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1829733                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207942695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    163947414     78.84%     78.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21306391     10.25%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8293440      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4469178      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3344931      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1868088      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1153961      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1030947      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2528345      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207942695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     88427001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    108388124                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             16251685                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             9935674                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             14646                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15558857                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        97665439                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2201788                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2528345                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          332389934                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         257343489                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2886946                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              49353830                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          88427001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           108388124                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     88427001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.948052                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.948052                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.339207                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.339207                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      533973089                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     163823588                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     118661868                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        29330                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        33593                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.931729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         198629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        35641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         5.573048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.638436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     1.954144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1837.389226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         204.949923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.897163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.100073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 39376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12514                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               12514                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  39408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39407                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 39408                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               33556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                33593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33548                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               33593                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     95894809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  31925047687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32020942496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     59096756                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     59096756                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     95894809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  31984144443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    32080039252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     95894809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  31984144443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   32080039252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             72932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12514                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           12514                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              73001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             73001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.536232                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.536232                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2130995.755556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 952673.679896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954253.859101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1597209.621622                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1597209.621622                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2130995.755556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 953384.536873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954962.023398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2130995.755556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 953384.536873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954962.023398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5289                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5289                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           33593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          33593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     91943809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  28982313064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29074256873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55848156                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55848156                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     91943809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29038161220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29130105029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     91943809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29038161220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29130105029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.536232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.536232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2043195.755556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 864859.689774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866439.887740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1509409.621622                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1509409.621622                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2043195.755556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 865570.562180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867148.067425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2043195.755556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 865570.562180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867148.067425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        11601                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.444753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         187620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        13649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        13.746062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.961923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     5.101316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1509.769571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         505.611942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.737192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.246881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 28030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                8957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  28181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28179                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 28181                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               11597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                11597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11555                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               11597                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83460974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9520226157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9603687131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83460974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9520226157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     9603687131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83460974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9520226157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    9603687131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        39583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             39627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            8957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        39734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              39778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        39734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             39778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1987166.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 823905.335958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828118.231525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1987166.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 823905.335958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828118.231525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1987166.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 823905.335958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828118.231525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           11596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          11596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79773374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8504182875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8583956249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79773374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8504182875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8583956249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79773374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8504182875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8583956249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899366.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 736037.984681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740251.487496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899366.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 736037.984681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740251.487496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899366.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 736037.984681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740251.487496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        17820                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.504663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         224390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        19868                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        11.294041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.005341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.757473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1655.881627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         356.860222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.808536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.174248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 33760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18384                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               18384                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  33905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33904                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 33905                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17768                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               17804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                17812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17776                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               17812                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14955389021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15032957408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6555953                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6555953                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14961944974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    15039513361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14961944974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   15039513361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             51564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18384                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           18384                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              51717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             51717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.052288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.052288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 841703.569394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 844358.425522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 819494.125000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819494.125000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 841693.574145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 844347.258084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 841693.574145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 844347.258084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               9719                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    9719                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           17812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          17812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13395161568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13469569155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5853553                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5853553                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13401015121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13475422708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13401015121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13475422708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 753892.479063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756547.357616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 731694.125000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731694.125000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 753882.488805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756536.195149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 753882.488805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756536.195149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        11607                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.455238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         187640                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        13655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        13.741487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.969950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     5.108700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1509.510423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         505.866165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.737066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.247005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 28043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8964                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                8964                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  28193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28191                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 28193                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               11603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                11603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11561                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               11603                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105201298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9459959277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9565160575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105201298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9459959277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     9565160575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105201298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9459959277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    9565160575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             39646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8964                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            8964                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              39796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             39796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2504792.809524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 818264.793443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824369.609153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2504792.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 818264.793443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 824369.609153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2504792.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 818264.793443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 824369.609153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5082                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5082                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           11602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          11602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    101512918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8444144803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8545657721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    101512918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8444144803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8545657721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    101512918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8444144803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8545657721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2416974.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 730462.353201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736567.636701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2416974.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 730462.353201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736567.636701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2416974.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 730462.353201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736567.636701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         8457                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.247173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         210019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        10505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        19.992289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.184532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     5.934211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1386.227306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         616.901124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.676869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.301221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 27436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8534                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                8534                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  27643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27641                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 27643                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                8456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 8456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8417                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                8456                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6803037356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6919852251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6803037356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     6919852251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6803037356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    6919852251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        35851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             35892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8534                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            8534                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        36058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              36099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        36058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             36099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.234777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 808249.656172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818336.358917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 808249.656172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818336.358917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 808249.656172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818336.358917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               4412                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    4412                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            8456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           8456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6063950659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6177341354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6063950659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6177341354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6063950659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6177341354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.234777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 720440.852917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730527.596263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 720440.852917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730527.596263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 720440.852917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730527.596263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         8464                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.247496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         210181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        10512                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        19.994387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.182191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     5.961122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1386.303722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         616.800461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.676906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.301172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 27559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8573                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                8573                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  27766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27764                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 27766                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                8463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 8463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8423                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                8463                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108114229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6723340627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6831454856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108114229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6723340627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     6831454856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108114229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6723340627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    6831454856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        35980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             36022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8573                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            8573                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              36229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             36229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.234102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2702855.725000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 798212.112905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 807214.327780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2702855.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 798212.112905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 807214.327780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2702855.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 798212.112905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 807214.327780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               4415                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    4415                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            8463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           8463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104602229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5983703443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6088305672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104602229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5983703443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6088305672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104602229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5983703443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6088305672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.234102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2615055.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 710400.503740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719402.773485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2615055.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 710400.503740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719402.773485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2615055.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 710400.503740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719402.773485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        28630                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.595886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         156500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        30678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.101376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.701176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     4.392671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1648.763463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         382.738576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.805060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.186884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 35647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7593                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                7593                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  35738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35737                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 35738                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               28593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                28622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28582                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               28622                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72318382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26502779212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26575097594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     26155787                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26155787                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72318382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26528934999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    26601253381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72318382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26528934999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   26601253381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             64240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            7593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              64360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             64360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.444758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.445097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.444379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.444717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.444379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.444717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1807959.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 928195.958813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 929426.698633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 901923.689655                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 901923.689655                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1807959.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 928169.302323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 929398.832402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1807959.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 928169.302323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 929398.832402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4311                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4311                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           28622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          28622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68805383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23995155670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24063961053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23607966                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23607966                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68805383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24018763636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24087569019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68805383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24018763636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24087569019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.444758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.444379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.444379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1720134.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 840372.488705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841603.226419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 814067.793103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 814067.793103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1720134.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 840345.799314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841575.327336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1720134.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 840345.799314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841575.327336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        11624                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.460455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         187674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        13672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        13.726887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.978774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     4.995892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1509.733107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         505.752681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.737174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.246950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 28070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  28218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28216                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 28218                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               11620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                11620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11579                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               11620                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86575352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9346601835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9433177187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86575352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9346601835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     9433177187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86575352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9346601835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    9433177187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             39690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              39838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             39838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111593.951220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 807202.853010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811805.265663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111593.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 807202.853010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811805.265663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111593.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 807202.853010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811805.265663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5087                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5087                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           11619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          11619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82974586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8329330005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8412304591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82974586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8329330005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8412304591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82974586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8329330005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8412304591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023770.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 719410.088530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724012.788622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023770.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 719410.088530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724012.788622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023770.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 719410.088530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724012.788622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        11610                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.446297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         187649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        13658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        13.739127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.960641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     4.995444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1510.474847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         505.015365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.737537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.246590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        28047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 28049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8967                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                8967                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        28199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  28201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        28199                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 28201                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               11607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                11607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11566                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               11607                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89321008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9419037765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9508358773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89321008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9419037765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     9508358773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89321008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9419037765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    9508358773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        39613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             39656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8967                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            8967                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        39765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              39808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        39765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             39808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2178561.170732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 814372.969480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819191.761265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2178561.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 814372.969480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819191.761265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2178561.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 814372.969480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819191.761265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5082                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5082                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           11606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          11606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85720213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8402932009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8488652222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85720213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8402932009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8488652222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85720213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8402932009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8488652222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2090736.902439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 726582.966623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731402.052559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2090736.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 726582.966623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731402.052559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2090736.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 726582.966623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731402.052559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        17686                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.506490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         224203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        19734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        11.361255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.249526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.840503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1649.551949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         362.864512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.805445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.177180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        33576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 33577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18381                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               18381                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        33720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  33721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        33720                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 33721                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               17669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                17678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17642                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               17678                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63465636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15085471074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15148936710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7346469                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7346469                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63465636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15092817543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    15156283179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63465636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15092817543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   15156283179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        51209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             51246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18381                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           18381                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        51362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              51399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        51362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             51399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.344788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.058824                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.058824                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.343937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.343937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1762934.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 855524.929053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857373.745543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 816274.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816274.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1762934.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 855504.905510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 857352.821530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1762934.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 855504.905510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 857352.821530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               9684                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    9684                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           17678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          17678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60292232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13535170783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13595463015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6555519                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6555519                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60292232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13541726302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13602018534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60292232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13541726302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13602018534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1674784.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 767604.535984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769452.884430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       728391                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       728391                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1674784.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 767584.531346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769431.979523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1674784.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 767584.531346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769431.979523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        17869                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.497035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         224384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        19917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        11.265954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.225437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.952607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1654.060897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         358.258093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.807647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.174931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 33734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18404                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               18404                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  33879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33878                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 33879                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               17853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                17862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17826                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               17862                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70707053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14985091578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15055798631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7538046                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7538046                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70707053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14992629624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    15063336677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70707053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14992629624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   15063336677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             51587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18404                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           18404                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              51741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             51741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.058442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.058442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1964084.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 841055.821856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 843320.373663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 837560.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837560.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1964084.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 841054.057220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 843317.471560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1964084.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 841054.057220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 843317.471560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               9707                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    9707                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           17862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          17862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67546253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13420590936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13488137189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6746981                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6746981                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67546253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13427337917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13494884170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67546253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13427337917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13494884170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1876284.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 753246.390301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755510.961127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 749664.555556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749664.555556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1876284.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 753244.581903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755508.015340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1876284.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 753244.581903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755508.015340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        28725                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.595953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         156536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        30773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.086797                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.714052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     4.368797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1649.408516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         382.104588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.805375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.186575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 35678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7598                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                7598                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  35769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35768                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 35769                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               28688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                28717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28678                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               28717                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53167159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  26571164940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26624332099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24249188                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24249188                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53167159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  26595414128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    26648581287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53167159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  26595414128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   26648581287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        64326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             64366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7598                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            7598                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        64446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              64486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        64446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             64486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.445372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.445701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.444993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.444993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1363260.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 927472.684561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928065.117784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 836178.896552                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 836178.896552                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1363260.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 927380.365716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927972.326044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1363260.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 927380.365716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927972.326044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               4315                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    4315                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           28717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          28717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49741798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24055078760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24104820558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     21702688                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21702688                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49741798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24076781448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24126523246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49741798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24076781448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24126523246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.445372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.444993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.444993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1275430.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 839648.111976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840240.538134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 748368.551724                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748368.551724                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1275430.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 839555.807518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840147.760769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1275430.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 839555.807518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840147.760769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        28682                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.593878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         156479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        30730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         5.092060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.698950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     4.419374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1648.433063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         383.042490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.804899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.187032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 35626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7593                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                7593                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  35717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35716                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 35717                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               28645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                28674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28634                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               28674                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     48911534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  26659310340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26708221874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     30501159                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30501159                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     48911534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  26689811499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    26738723033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     48911534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  26689811499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   26738723033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        64230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             64271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            7593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        64350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              64391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        64350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             64391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.445353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.445691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.444973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.444973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1222788.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 931980.784478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932386.869401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1051764.103448                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1051764.103448                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1222788.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932102.098868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932507.603857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1222788.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932102.098868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932507.603857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4311                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4311                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           28674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          28674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45399225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24147166561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24192565786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     27954959                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27954959                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45399225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24175121520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24220520745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45399225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24175121520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24220520745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.445353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.444973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.444973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1134980.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 844158.942877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844565.047513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 963964.103448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963964.103448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1134980.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 844280.279388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844685.804039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1134980.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 844280.279388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844685.804039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         8461                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.249114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         210105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        10509                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        19.992863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.184852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     6.000756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1386.126280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         616.937226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.676819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.301239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 27501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8555                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                8555                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  27708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27706                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 27708                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                8460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 8460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8420                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                8460                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111272156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6761611921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6872884077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111272156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6761611921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     6872884077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111272156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6761611921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    6872884077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        35919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             35961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8555                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            8555                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              36168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             36168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.234416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2781803.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 803041.795843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 812397.645035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2781803.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 803041.795843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 812397.645035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2781803.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 803041.795843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 812397.645035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4414                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4414                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            8460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           8460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    107759669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6022164415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6129924084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    107759669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6022164415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6129924084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    107759669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6022164415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6129924084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.234416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2693991.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 715221.426960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724577.314894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2693991.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 715221.426960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724577.314894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2693991.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 715221.426960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724577.314894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        17813                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.843684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         150914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        19861                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         7.598510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.254332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.972797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1666.989008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         348.627548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.813959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.170228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        33737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 33738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6083                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                6083                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        33801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  33802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        33801                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 33802                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               17812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                17812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17776                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               17812                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72279710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14141606352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14213886062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72279710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14141606352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    14213886062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72279710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14141606352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   14213886062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        51513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             51550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6083                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            6083                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        51577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              51614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        51577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             51614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2007769.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 795544.911791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797994.950707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2007769.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 795544.911791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 797994.950707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2007769.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 795544.911791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 797994.950707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               2378                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    2378                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           17812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          17812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69118910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12580447915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12649566825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69118910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12580447915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12649566825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69118910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12580447915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12649566825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1919969.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 707720.967315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710171.054626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1919969.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 707720.967315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710171.054626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1919969.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 707720.967315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710171.054626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        28803                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.595720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         156604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        30848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.076634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.612927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     4.346685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1649.738519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         381.897589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.805536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.186473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 35732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7612                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                7612                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           93                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  93                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  35825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35824                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 35825                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               28765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                28795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28756                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               28795                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     41525543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26359897187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26401422730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     25446228                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25446228                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     41525543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26385343415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    26426868958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     41525543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26385343415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   26426868958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        64457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             64497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7612                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            7612                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        64580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              64620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        64580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             64620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.445990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.243902                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.243902                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1064757.512821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 917632.012358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 917831.487224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 848207.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848207.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1064757.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 917559.584608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 917758.949748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1064757.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 917559.584608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 917758.949748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4320                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4320                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           28795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          28795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     38099834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23837458088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23875557922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     22811961                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22811961                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     38099834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23860270049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23898369883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     38099834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23860270049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23898369883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.243902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 976918.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 829821.697695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830021.134087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760398.700000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760398.700000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 976918.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 829749.271422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 829948.598125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 976918.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 829749.271422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 829948.598125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              581.966458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010714419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1715983.733447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.575705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   540.390752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.066628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.866011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10706529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10706529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10706529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10706529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10706529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10706529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    145392544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145392544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    145392544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145392544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    145392544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145392544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10706597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10706597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10706597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10706597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10706597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10706597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2138125.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2138125.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2138125.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2138125.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2138125.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2138125.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     96334379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96334379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     96334379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96334379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     96334379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96334379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2094225.630435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2094225.630435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2094225.630435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2094225.630435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2094225.630435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2094225.630435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72955                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432115345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5902.328134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.883005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.116995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     28000856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28000856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7909                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7909                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43330731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43330731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43330731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43330731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       266679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          276                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          276                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       266955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       266955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132047068748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132047068748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    231903429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    231903429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132278972177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132278972177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132278972177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132278972177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28267535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28267535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7909                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7909                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43597686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43597686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43597686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43597686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 495153.606951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 495153.606951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840229.815217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 840229.815217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 495510.375071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 495510.375071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 495510.375071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 495510.375071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           12514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       193793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       194000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       194000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34891843623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34891843623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     61576617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61576617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34953420240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34953420240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34953420240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34953420240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 478718.047677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478718.047677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 892414.739130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 892414.739130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 479109.317250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479109.317250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 479109.317250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479109.317250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              518.116598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              982330675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1892737.331407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    43.116598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.069097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11880313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11880313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11880313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11880313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11880313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11880313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96211754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96211754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96211754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96211754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96211754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96211754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11880366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11880366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11880366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11880366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11880366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11880366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1815316.113208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1815316.113208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1815316.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1815316.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1815316.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1815316.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83951475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83951475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83951475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83951475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83951475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83951475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1907988.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1907988.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1907988.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1907988.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1907988.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1907988.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                39734                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              161718780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                39990                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4043.980495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.859321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.140679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.913513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.086487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8183453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8183453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6889663                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6889663                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15073116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15073116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15073116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15073116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       127069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       127961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       127961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       127961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       127961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  43107013345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  43107013345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     75478456                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75478456                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  43182491801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  43182491801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  43182491801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  43182491801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8310522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8310522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6890555                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6890555                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15201077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15201077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15201077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15201077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 339240.989895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339240.989895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84617.103139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84617.103139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 337466.038879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337466.038879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 337466.038879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337466.038879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        87486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        88227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        88227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        39583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        39734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        39734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11442454216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11442454216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9762282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9762282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11452216498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11452216498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11452216498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11452216498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 289074.961878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289074.961878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64650.874172                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64650.874172                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 288222.089344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288222.089344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 288222.089344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288222.089344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              518.501254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              982962828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1893955.352601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    36.501254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.058496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11283487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11283487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11283487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11283487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11283487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11283487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11283536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11283536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11283536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11283536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11283536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11283536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                51680                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              167114950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                51936                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3217.709296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.048206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.951794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.914251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.085749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7956004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7956004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6730780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6730780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16781                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16781                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14686784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       14686784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14686784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      14686784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       177033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       182629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182629                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       182629                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  74148585391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74148585391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3475325896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3475325896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  77623911287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77623911287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  77623911287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77623911287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8133037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8133037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6736376                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6736376                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16781                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16781                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        15491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14869413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14869413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14869413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14869413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000831                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000831                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 418840.472629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418840.472629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 621037.508220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 621037.508220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 425036.063752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425036.063752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 425036.063752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425036.063752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     39710502                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            84                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 472744.071429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           18384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       125506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5443                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5443                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       130949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       130949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17321550269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17321550269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     16068848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16068848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17337619117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17337619117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17337619117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17337619117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 336164.540319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336164.540319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105025.150327                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105025.150327                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 335480.246072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335480.246072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 335480.246072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335480.246072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.114304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              982334894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1892745.460501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    43.114304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.069093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11884532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11884532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11884532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11884532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11884532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11884532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117580581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117580581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117580581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    117580581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117580581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    117580581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11884583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11884583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11884583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11884583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11884583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11884583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2305501.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2305501.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2305501.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2305501.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2305501.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2305501.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305918                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305918                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105692501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105692501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105692501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105692501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105692501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105692501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2402102.295455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2402102.295455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2402102.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2402102.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2402102.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2402102.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                39752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              161725897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                40008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4042.338957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.856149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.143851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.913501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.086499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8187452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8187452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6892873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6892873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15080325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15080325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15080325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15080325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       127225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          884                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          884                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       128109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       128109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       128109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       128109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42542671837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42542671837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     74619604                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74619604                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42617291441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42617291441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42617291441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42617291441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8314677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8314677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6893757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6893757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15208434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15208434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15208434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15208434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 334389.246115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334389.246115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84411.316742                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84411.316742                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 332664.304936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332664.304936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 332664.304936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332664.304936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        87623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        88357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        88357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11383096488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11383096488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9677998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9677998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11392774486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11392774486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11392774486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11392774486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 287437.414474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287437.414474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64519.986667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64519.986667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 286596.258956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286596.258956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 286596.258956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286596.258956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              495.506591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              985805398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1987510.883065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    40.506591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.064914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12221837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12221837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12221837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12221837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12221837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12221837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12221893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12221893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12221893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12221893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12221893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12221893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2399686                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 479937.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                36058                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              159766321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                36314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4399.579253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.413858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.586142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9744306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9744306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7241212                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7241212                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19196                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19196                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17613                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17613                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16985518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       16985518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16985518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      16985518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        92810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        94896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        94896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        94896                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        94896                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20749491427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20749491427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    134321033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134321033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20883812460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20883812460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20883812460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20883812460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9837116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9837116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7243298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7243298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19196                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19196                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17613                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17613                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17080414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17080414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17080414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17080414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 223569.566070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223569.566070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64391.674497                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64391.674497                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 220070.524153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220070.524153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 220070.524153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220070.524153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     6.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        56959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        56959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        58838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        58838                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58838                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        35851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8657383281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8657383281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15054966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15054966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8672438247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8672438247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8672438247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8672438247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 241482.337480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241482.337480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 72729.304348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72729.304348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 240513.568334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240513.568334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 240513.568334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240513.568334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              496.356333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              985811986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1983525.122736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    41.356333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.066276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12228425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12228425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12228425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12228425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12228425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12228425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158942684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158942684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158942684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    158942684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158942684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    158942684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12228481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12228481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12228481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12228481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12228481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12228481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2838262.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2838262.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2838262.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2838262.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2838262.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2838262.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2071821                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 345303.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108580777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108580777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108580777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108580777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108580777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108580777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2585256.595238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2585256.595238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2585256.595238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2585256.595238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2585256.595238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2585256.595238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                36187                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              159790306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                36443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4384.663886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.415453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.584547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.911779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.088221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9760289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9760289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7249531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7249531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17633                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17633                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17009820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       17009820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17009820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      17009820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        93095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        95181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        95181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        95181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        95181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  20637014506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20637014506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    134252046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134252046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  20771266552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20771266552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  20771266552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20771266552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      9853384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9853384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7251617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7251617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17105001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17105001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17105001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17105001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 221676.937601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 221676.937601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64358.603068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64358.603068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218229.127158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218229.127158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218229.127158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218229.127158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           25                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           25                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8573                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8573                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        57115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        58994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        58994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        35980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8585910871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8585910871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15035531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15035531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8600946402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8600946402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8600946402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8600946402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 238630.096470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238630.096470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 72635.415459                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72635.415459                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 237680.559372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237680.559372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 237680.559372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237680.559372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              529.199808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              987035262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1858823.468927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    39.199808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.062820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10931747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10931747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10931747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10931747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10931747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10931747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    113702512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113702512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    113702512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    113702512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    113702512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    113702512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10931811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10931811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10931811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10931811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10931811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10931811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1776601.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1776601.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1776601.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1776601.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1776601.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1776601.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72727467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72727467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72727467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72727467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72727467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72727467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1773840.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1773840.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1773840.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1773840.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1773840.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1773840.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                64319                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              175189388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                64575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2712.959938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.291222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.708778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7573529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7573529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6271564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6271564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18037                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18037                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14633                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14633                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13845093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       13845093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13845093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      13845093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       167439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       167439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       168305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       168305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       168305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       168305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  73480620173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73480620173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    342217866                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    342217866                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  73822838039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  73822838039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  73822838039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  73822838039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7740968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7740968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6272430                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6272430                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18037                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18037                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        14633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14013398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14013398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14013398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14013398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438850.089722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438850.089722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 395170.745958                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 395170.745958                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438625.341131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438625.341131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438625.341131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438625.341131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       178426                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       178426                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       103240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       103986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       103986                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103986                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29080689969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29080689969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     32273634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32273634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29112963603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29112963603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29112963603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29112963603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452977.304460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452977.304460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 268946.950000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268946.950000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452633.958908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452633.958908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452633.958908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452633.958908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              517.174714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              982350220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1896428.996139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    42.174714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.067588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11899858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11899858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11899858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11899858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11899858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11899858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97077928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97077928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97077928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97077928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97077928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97077928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11899908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11899908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11899908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11899908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11899908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11899908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1941558.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1941558.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1941558.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1941558.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1941558.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1941558.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290966                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290966                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87057560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87057560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87057560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87057560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87057560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87057560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024594.418605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024594.418605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024594.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024594.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024594.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024594.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                39795                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              161744570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                40051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4038.465207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.857903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.142097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8197857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8197857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6901050                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6901050                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17730                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17730                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16616                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16616                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15098907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15098907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15098907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15098907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       127385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       128253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       128253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       128253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       128253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  42148587126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42148587126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     73233248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73233248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  42221820374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42221820374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  42221820374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42221820374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8325242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8325242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6901918                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6901918                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17730                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17730                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16616                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16616                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15227160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15227160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15227160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15227160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 330875.590737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330875.590737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84370.101382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84370.101382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 329207.272921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 329207.272921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 329207.272921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 329207.272921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        87738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        88458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        88458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11271670172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11271670172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9555097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9555097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11281225269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11281225269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11281225269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11281225269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 284300.708049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284300.708049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64561.466216                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64561.466216                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 283483.484583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283483.484583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 283483.484583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283483.484583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.174748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              982341373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1896411.916988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    42.174748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.067588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11891011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11891011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11891011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11891011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11891011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11891011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101292808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101292808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101292808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101292808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101292808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101292808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11891062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11891062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11891062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11891062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11891062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11891062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1986133.490196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1986133.490196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1986133.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1986133.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1986133.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1986133.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289999                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289999                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89805125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89805125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89805125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89805125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89805125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89805125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2088491.279070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2088491.279070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2088491.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2088491.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2088491.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2088491.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                39764                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              161731569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                40020                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4041.268591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.854928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.145072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.913496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.086504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8189708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8189708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6896179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6896179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16604                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16604                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15085887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15085887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15085887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15085887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       127303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       128203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       128203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       128203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       128203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42604958253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42604958253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     75964306                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75964306                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42680922559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42680922559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42680922559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42680922559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8317011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8317011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6897079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6897079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15214090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15214090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15214090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15214090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 334673.638901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334673.638901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84404.784444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84404.784444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 332916.722378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332916.722378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 332916.722378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332916.722378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        87690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        88438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        88438                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88438                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        39613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        39765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        39765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11342585899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11342585899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9809604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9809604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11352395503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11352395503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11352395503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11352395503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 286334.938000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286334.938000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64536.868421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64536.868421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 285487.124431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285487.124431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 285487.124431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285487.124431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              518.222470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              982944750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1893920.520231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    36.222470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.058049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11265409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11265409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11265409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11265409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11265409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11265409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94871563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94871563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94871563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94871563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94871563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94871563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11265461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11265461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11265461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11265461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11265461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11265461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1824453.134615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1824453.134615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1824453.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1824453.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1824453.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1824453.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63876125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63876125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63876125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63876125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63876125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63876125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1726381.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726381.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1726381.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726381.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1726381.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726381.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                51362                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              167089701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                51618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3237.043299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.040433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.959567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7942563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7942563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6719301                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6719301                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16478                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16478                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15465                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15465                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14661864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       14661864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14661864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      14661864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       176061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5424                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5424                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       181485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       181485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       181485                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       181485                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  74315332302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74315332302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3624405230                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3624405230                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  77939737532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77939737532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  77939737532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77939737532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8118624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8118624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6724725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6724725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15465                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15465                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     14843349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14843349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     14843349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14843349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000807                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000807                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 422099.910270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422099.910270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 668216.303466                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 668216.303466                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 429455.533691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429455.533691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 429455.533691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429455.533691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     43106489                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets            77                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 559824.532468                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           18381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       124852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       124852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       130123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       130123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        51209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        51362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        51362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17438784365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17438784365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16741207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16741207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17455525572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17455525572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17455525572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17455525572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 340541.396337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340541.396337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109419.653595                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109419.653595                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 339852.917955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339852.917955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 339852.917955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339852.917955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              518.212879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              982964771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1893959.096339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    36.212879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.058033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11285430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11285430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11285430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11285430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11285430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11285430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    109126723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109126723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    109126723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109126723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    109126723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109126723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11285487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11285487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11285487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11285487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11285487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11285487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914503.912281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1914503.912281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914503.912281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1914503.912281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914503.912281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1914503.912281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71096623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71096623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71096623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71096623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71096623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71096623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921530.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921530.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921530.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921530.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921530.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921530.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                51704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              167118169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                51960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3216.285008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.039932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.960068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.914218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.085782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7958064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7958064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6732131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6732131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        16585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14690195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       14690195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14690195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      14690195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       176577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       182133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       182133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       182133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       182133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  73881087469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73881087469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3358470682                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3358470682                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  77239558151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77239558151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  77239558151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77239558151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8134641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8134641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6737687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6737687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        16585                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16585                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14872328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14872328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14872328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14872328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000825                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000825                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 418407.196118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418407.196118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 604476.364651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 604476.364651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 424083.269649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424083.269649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 424083.269649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424083.269649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     38004865                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets            89                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 427020.955056                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18404                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           18404                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       125027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       130429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       130429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  17350694588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17350694588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     17014188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17014188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  17367708776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17367708776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  17367708776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17367708776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336579.914413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336579.914413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110481.740260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110481.740260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335906.482593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335906.482593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335906.482593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335906.482593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              528.697706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              987042580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1862344.490566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.697706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.062016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10939065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10939065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10939065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10939065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10939065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10939065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     78078292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78078292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     78078292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78078292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     78078292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78078292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10939125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10939125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10939125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10939125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10939125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10939125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1301304.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1301304.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1301304.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1301304.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1301304.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1301304.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53570472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53570472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53570472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53570472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53570472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53570472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1339261.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1339261.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1339261.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1339261.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1339261.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1339261.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                64446                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              175195958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                64702                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              2707.736361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.292750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.707250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.915206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.084794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7576970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7576970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6274648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6274648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18077                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18077                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14638                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14638                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     13851618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       13851618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     13851618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      13851618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       167953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       167953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          905                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          905                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       168858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       168858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       168858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       168858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  73842872804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73842872804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    361440878                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    361440878                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  74204313682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74204313682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  74204313682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74204313682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7744923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7744923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6275553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6275553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18077                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18077                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        14638                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14638                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14020476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14020476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14020476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14020476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 439663.910761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439663.910761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 399382.185635                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 399382.185635                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 439448.019531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439448.019531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 439448.019531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439448.019531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       843781                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 281260.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            7598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       103627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       104412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       104412                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104412                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        64326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        64446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        64446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29151949176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29151949176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     30361997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30361997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29182311173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29182311173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29182311173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29182311173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 453190.765414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453190.765414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 253016.641667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253016.641667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 452818.036387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452818.036387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 452818.036387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452818.036387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              528.649769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              987027569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1858808.981168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.649769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.061939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10924054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10924054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10924054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       10924054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10924054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      10924054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76198295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76198295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76198295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76198295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76198295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76198295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10924119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10924119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10924119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     10924119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10924119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     10924119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1172281.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1172281.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1172281.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1172281.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1172281.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1172281.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49312433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49312433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49312433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49312433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49312433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49312433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1202742.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1202742.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1202742.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1202742.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1202742.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1202742.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                64350                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              175183155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                64606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2711.561697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.289679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.710321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.915194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.084806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7570659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7570659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6268246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6268246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17999                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17999                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     13838905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       13838905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     13838905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      13838905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       167289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       167289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       168149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       168149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       168149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       168149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  73751872353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73751872353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    384709608                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    384709608                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  74136581961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74136581961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  74136581961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74136581961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7737948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7737948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6269106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6269106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17999                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17999                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        14626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14007054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14007054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14007054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14007054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 440865.044044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440865.044044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 447336.753488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447336.753488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 440898.143676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440898.143676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 440898.143676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440898.143676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       177354                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       177354                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       103059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       103799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       103799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        64230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        64350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        64350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  29236795337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29236795337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36620174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36620174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  29273415511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29273415511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  29273415511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29273415511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 455189.091344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455189.091344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 305168.116667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 305168.116667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454909.331950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454909.331950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454909.331950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454909.331950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              496.355736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              985810327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1983521.784708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    41.355736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.066275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12226766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12226766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12226766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12226766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12226766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12226766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    164500680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164500680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    164500680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164500680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    164500680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164500680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12226824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12226824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12226824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12226824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12226824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12226824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2836218.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2836218.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2836218.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2836218.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2836218.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2836218.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1759007                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 351801.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111750105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111750105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111750105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111750105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111750105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111750105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2660716.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2660716.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2660716.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2660716.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2660716.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2660716.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                36126                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              159780245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                36382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4391.738909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.414154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.585846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.911774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.088226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9755414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9755414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7244228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7244228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18988                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18988                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17621                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17621                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16999642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       16999642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16999642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      16999642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        92893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        94979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        94979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        94979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        94979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20718752455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20718752455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    134319642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134319642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20853072097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20853072097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20853072097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20853072097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9848307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9848307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7246314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7246314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18988                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18988                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17621                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17621                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17094621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17094621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17094621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17094621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 223038.899110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223038.899110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64391.007670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64391.007670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 219554.555186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219554.555186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 219554.555186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219554.555186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            1                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8555                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8555                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        56974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        56974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        58853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        58853                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58853                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        35919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8620361919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8620361919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15039698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15039698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8635401617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8635401617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8635401617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8635401617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 239994.485342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239994.485342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 72655.545894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72655.545894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 239035.642391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239035.642391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 239035.642391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239035.642391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              560.506789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              899253095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1594420.381206                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.398601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.108188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.056729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11437248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11437248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11437248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11437248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11437248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11437248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     91022038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91022038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     91022038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91022038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     91022038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91022038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11437296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11437296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11437296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11437296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11437296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11437296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1896292.458333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1896292.458333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1896292.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1896292.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1896292.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1896292.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72657864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72657864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72657864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72657864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72657864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72657864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1963726.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1963726.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1963726.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1963726.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1963726.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1963726.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                51577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              217481583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                51833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4195.813150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   200.283129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    55.716871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.782356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.217644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16825716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16825716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3229495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3229495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7645                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7645                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20055211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       20055211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20055211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      20055211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       182229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       182510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       182510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       182510                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       182510                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  81498393523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81498393523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     24119242                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24119242                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  81522512765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  81522512765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  81522512765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  81522512765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17007945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17007945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3229776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3229776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7645                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7645                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20237721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20237721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20237721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20237721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 447230.646730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447230.646730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85833.601423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85833.601423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 446674.224782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446674.224782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 446674.224782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446674.224782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       130716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       130933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       130933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        51513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        51577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        51577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16501094092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16501094092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4158315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4158315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16505252407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16505252407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16505252407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16505252407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 320328.734339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320328.734339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64973.671875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64973.671875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 320011.873645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320011.873645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 320011.873645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320011.873645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              527.663608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              987055618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1862369.090566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.663608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.060358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10952103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10952103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10952103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       10952103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10952103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      10952103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60965616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60965616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60965616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60965616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60965616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60965616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10952167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10952167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10952167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     10952167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10952167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     10952167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 952587.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 952587.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 952587.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 952587.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 952587.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 952587.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     41915146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41915146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     41915146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41915146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     41915146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41915146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1047878.650000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1047878.650000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1047878.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1047878.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1047878.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1047878.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                64580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              175218360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                64836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2702.485656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.290273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.709727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.915196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.084804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7588526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7588526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6285535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6285535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18009                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18009                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14665                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14665                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     13874061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       13874061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     13874061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      13874061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       167889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       167889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       168732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       168732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       168732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       168732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  73135224299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73135224299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    309430236                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    309430236                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  73444654535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  73444654535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  73444654535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  73444654535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7756415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7756415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6286378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6286378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18009                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18009                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        14665                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14665                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14042793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14042793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14042793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14042793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 435616.534133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435616.534133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 367058.405694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 367058.405694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 435274.011658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435274.011658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 435274.011658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435274.011658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       149728                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       149728                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       103432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       104152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       104152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        64457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        64580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        64580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28944949460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28944949460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     31704794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31704794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28976654254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28976654254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28976654254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28976654254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 449058.278542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449058.278542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 257762.552846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 257762.552846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448693.933942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448693.933942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448693.933942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448693.933942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
